The sectors most affected are the knowledge-intensive sectors dealing with the development of new technologies.
Moreover, their competition and legal systems are not yet ready to incorporate the acquis communautaire fully.
Let me just emphasise that in the first year the Union will pay 100 % compensation for direct aid where a currency has appreciated by at least 0.5 %.
We have already had counter-proposals for a progressive system of raising revenue, or increasing the budget above the present ceiling of 1.27 % of GNP.
In this respect, Montenegro has performed very well by signing agreements with Croatia and Serbia.
Secondly, I am sorry we had such difficulty in establishing the committee.
The report by the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights makes an important contribution to the debate on this issue, and Parliament should adopt it by a large majority.
So why does the Cuban Government imitate one of the most appallingly undemocratic and totalitarian systems ever invented?
That is why the French members of the UMP are going to vote in favour of the common position, by choosing what is truly important.
If you, the Council, really want to mean something to the citizens of Europe, vote for this directive.
I would like to point out that the tardiness of the Commission also increases the risk that the Czech Republic will delay ratification of agreements between the Union and Canada.
   I voted in favour of the rapporteur’s amendments geared towards significantly improving the Commission text.
How can we negotiate more effectively with the developing countries and emerging economies?
That is why we want the Commission to communicate to us the details of the proposed mandate for the negotiation of this new agreement.
A state which continues to occupy the territory of an EU Member State even as we speak.
According to the recent frequentlyrepeated analysis, growth should occur as a natural consequence of the policy of stability and rationalization of the fundamentals of the economy.
It would mean, too, that the European Union's rules on competition, the environment and public procurement were being respected.
The intransparent manner in which these rights have been 'allocated' to airline companies to date is not so much creating clarity as raising more questions.
I have, in this report, made various proposals to this effect.
The European Neighbourhood Policy (ENP) has shown itself to be an effective foreign policy instrument.
There is a whole range of problems regarding raw materials, and many Parliamentary committees regularly deal with them.
We, too, believe that we have to see a ban on incitement to racism.
Mr President, my apologies for being somewhat late - I had another engagement.
Only eight months after this request, you have now endorsed the result of the very constructive discussions between Parliament, the Council and the Commission.
Take Zimbabwe, for example.
Now, the text to be put to the vote today is different from that proposed by the Commission and, as far as I know, endorsed by the Council. I therefore call for the vote on the legislative resolution to be postponed so that we can see if the other institutions can accept our point of view or, in any case, so that we can attempt to achieve a common position.
The rapporteur supports improving the visitors’ service and strengthening the role of external offices.
The result of REACH can be debated.
In fact, the directive on public access to environmental information does not lay down specific rules for banks.
This is not a good enough formula for tackling the crisis and it is destined to make it worse.
This larger bus needs a stronger motor if we are not to slow down, and one that enables us to cross the difficult hills that lie on our path.
Applause
The purpose of the year is to provide for a coordinated effort to change attitudes and to promote the removal of social and environmental barriers to equality and to assist in legal and policy developments.
We have committed about EUR 5 million through ECHO to humanitarian relief and we have got a regular CARDS programme of EUR 42 million for this year for FYROM.
Despite my complimentary remarks, I am not too happy with some of the wording in paragraphs 17 and 18 of the motion for a resolution, where phrases like 'the ACP partners must be made to understand' what the European views are on democracy.
I can easily illustrate the challenge we are facing in the area of human rights by quoting an example from everyday life.
When, last year, with the support of the Belgian Presidency, we managed to change the direction of the Employment Guidelines, there was one point on which we placed great emphasis: the issue of governance.
I believe this serious incident could be resolved if Amendment No 26, put forward by the European People's Party, were put to the vote. According to the voting list, Amendment No 26 still stands, and it does refer to these transitional arrangements.
(RO) The EU has not done enough to reduce road accidents.
The Commission can understand the internal constraints of Member States and, in this context, can be more flexible about the time limit, but on the principle of a definite time limit without conditions attached.
   Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, let me also begin my speech by thanking Mr Grosch once again, in particular for the well-balanced nature of his proposals with regard to the prescribed amount of regulation, because this provided a platform from which we were able to reach a very broad consensus on many points.
In formulating the directive on energy end-use efficiency we had the choice of two approaches.
It is not our wish to hold the vote at that time.
What is essential, in my view, is to maintain strict reciprocity, as already called for by Parliament - with regard to economic relations with third countries - in its resolution on the G7 conference, and hence to bring out clearly all the special practical features of tenders from GPA third countries.
Despite the fact that the last executions in South Korea took place in 1997, the court decided on 25 February that the death sentence is a form of punishment which does not violate the constitutional right to life.
. (PT) The series of scandals affecting US financial markets has highlighted the lack of professional integrity among certain financial intermediaries, as the rapporteur states, thereby compromising, in fact, the very trust of public and private investors and at the same time, casting doubts, suspicions and uncertainties over all economic actors and creating widespread unease in the world economy.
The draft regulation itself was fairly straightforward and was amended at first reading.
Besides, the process described by Mr Duisenberg is not really spontaneous but tends rather to be remote-controlled from above, through the existence of the single currency.
Is not the easiest way of preventing the European Parliament from giving an economically logical and sound opinion on the various COMs and other Agenda 2000 reforms to create a 'genetically modified mammoth' which bears no relation to the agricultural policies of the Member States?
Just as they did in Belarus, the Soviets soon planned the deportation of the leading sections of society in the Baltic States, and the first mass deportations took place during the night of 13 to 14 June.
I especially welcome the adoption, by a slim majority, of paragraph 70, which asks the Commission systematically to include legally binding social and environmental standards in trade agreements negotiated by the European Union.
Instead of this, we have before us a unique opportunity to develop durable, renewable ‘green alternatives’.
Fourteen Member States have identical agreements with the US.
Supposedly, Azerbaijan is committed to democracy, the rule of law and human rights.
The absence, for six months, of a Commission equipped with real powers is something that should not be repeated in the future, especially in this period of economic and financial crisis, in which there are major issues such as climate change, Copenhagen, and so on.
European Socialists have long since been calling for a reform of financial markets and for coordinated action by European Union governments.
I want to see a Europe that acts forcefully for democracy, peace, freedom and human rights in the international arena and which dares to act on the foreign policy stage.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am submitting this explanation of vote because, although I voted in favour of most of the paragraphs, I would stress that I abstained on paragraph 17.
Perhaps eventually our relationship with China will also be based on our common values of democracy, human rights and the rule of law: we can but hope.
It was a 'no' to the Stability and Growth Pact and the capitalist policies that the European Union and the governments have been promoting without ever taking anything from capital, whilst facilitating increases to its income and profits.
   – The debate is closed.
Thank you, Mr President.
Similarly, attention should be devoted to unemployment in the applicant countries, which in the case of a number of them is catastrophic.
The Liberal group has always set great store by public access.
The quality of employment has not improved either: the number of fixed-term contracts has increased and greater flexibility has not been matched by job security.
As the honourable Members know, the European Community and its Member States have decided to ratify the Kyoto Protocol.
I would therefore like to repeat that there is no problem with regard to the legal basis of this report.
In foreign policy, we need to do what we have undertaken to do in the various areas – our commitments to combat Aids, action measures in Kosovo, and cooperation with non-governmental organisations in strengthening democracy.
It was he who had the idea of a political association of Europe’s peoples in a Europe made up of free nation states federated together: the precursors of the concept of Europe that gained shape and substance a century later in the initial core of the current Union.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the fact is that in our view European solidarity will not be achieved at the cost of those who already have little or continue to need a great deal.
That is why we need to put issues relating to SWIFT, the PNR and the strengthening of Europol and Eurojust higher up on the agenda.
From the point of view of the new Member States, of which Hungary is one, the transferability of quotas will have catastrophic consequences.
The aim is to ensure control over markets, finite energy resources and other natural resources vital to the capitalist method of production, in a context of greater international competitiveness.
I also want to stress that the former Prime Minister of the Slovak Republic, Mr Mikuláš Dzurinda, and other politicians who are worried about the negative impact the power plant would have on the environment and on the quality of life in Trebišov, and about its negative impact on the unique Tokay winegrowing region bordering Ukraine and Hungary, have lent their support to the actions of the citizens of Trebišov.
The EU-Canada summit is a chance to renew this relationship.
These mushrooms, for example shitaki mushrooms, are of high nutritional value and produce a much higher price per kilo on the market than coffee does.
In the face of this situation, how can the European Parliament play a positive role?
Such a programme must allow the exchange of best practices, create a joint strategy and reduce the costs of resettlement operations.
However, today, as the economic crisis pushes the EU even further into recession and unemployment, into company and factory closures, poverty and social exclusion, despite 2010 being declared by the EU as the year for combating poverty, a question mark hangs over this objective.
Having more cultivated products contributes towards biofuels as well as food.
Yet if any of you were to think that we could be talking about Turkey or Afghanistan, you would be mistaken.
Mr Lange has conducted an in-depth analysis which has enabled him to make very valuable recommendations.
My criticism is also backed up by existing jurisprudence in this field.
My only criticism on this Foreign Affairs Committee report would be its unevenness in places and its over-reliance on third-hand reports.
That is why we cannot just remember, but must act as a community to help another.
Quite frankly, for representatives of employers' organisations to set up shop within a parliamentary institution would seem to me to be a case of combining two things that should be separate and skewing our relations with the social partners - a step entirely alien to our parliamentary tradition in the European Union.
It is an important statement of support in a difficult financial context.
The next item is a statement by the Commission on elections in Nigeria.
I think that this is absolutely acceptable and, according to this amendment, I ask for the words 'starting to notably work together with the UNHCR and others' to be deleted.
How is that to be achieved?
Some progress has already been made through the Bologna process, designed to promote the convergence of our systems of higher education, through the Socrates and Leonardo da Vinci programmes, which support innovation in education and training, and, more recently, through the Erasmus Mundus programme, so strongly supported by the European Parliament, for which I thank you once again.
80% of that budget goes on 20% of agricultural enterprises, which is a very clear sign, of course, that for years European agricultural policy has taken the side of the agro-industry rather than that of the small-scale producers of high-quality agricultural products.
The participation rate has risen and is now just under 50% of the figure aimed at.
As one of the previous speakers already remarked, patients in developing countries are still faced with a shortage of medicines.
As mentioned in the Commission's report pursuant to Article 7(3), LIFE could use more resources, up to and even above the reference amount which is indicated for LIFE II.
With all due respect, you are planning a reduction in agricultural expenditure of almost EUR 41 770 million - almost EUR 6 000 m per year - and a reduction in Category 2 expenditure of EUR 47 000 m - almost EUR 6 714 m per year - without any justification, in the light of Commission reports on cohesion. This does not seem to reflect a compromise that has no winners or losers.
As Mr Wiersma stated, it is still based on the outdated Trade and Commercial and Economic Cooperation Agreement with the Soviet Union.
Every time Turkey opens a door to democratisation, it slams another door shut.
We should say NO to the Amsterdam Treaty and NO to drugs.
We must not allow our industry in the European Union to place its operators at any further disadvantage.
Mr President, I find it rather strange that one group has tabled an oral question, but another is allowed to speak first.
This will enable us, when preparing financial perspectives, to make better choices as to which funds we should use as guarantees for the European Investment Bank.
Our thoughts are with the victims of these horrendous attacks and those who grieve for them.
This is unacceptable.
That is totally legitimate and I would do the same on another issue.
That is in fact what they are: people - men and women - who drowned in the Mediterranean while trying to reach Europe and who were not even given a chance of being saved or rescued at sea, but were actually left for three days clinging to a tuna net.
The ways in which these services are organised and funded as well as the contours, the delineation, of public service are not the same in all our countries and sometimes even differ between regions within our countries or between local communities.
With due respect for modesty and realism we believed that the Dutch presidency was hardly being ambitious.
This relates in particular to aspects of the Israeli-Palestinian interim agreement, such as opening the airport and building the Gaza port and safe road links between the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
Therefore, fishermen can count on our providing aid.
Today's vote was a step in that direction.
The development of an autonomous EU military capability, separate from NATO, has come about as a direct result of initiatives by the British Labour Government in 1998.
Rover could have been saved for a fraction of the price, and jobs probably could have been saved at Rolls Royce in Netherton on Merseyside, in my constituency, but at the moment, General Motors jobs in my constituency in the north-west of England are still at risk and yet the Commission is using my constituents' tax revenues to secure General Motors jobs in Mexico and Russia.
In a statement yesterday, Mr Francesco Storace, who is running for mayor of the Italian capital, spoke of 'denomadising' Rome, thereby making it clear that Roma have no place in the eternal city.
In a recent UK study of more than 1000 CEOs commissioned by the think-tank Open Europe, a clear majority felt that the EU was doing more harm than good and that Britain should renegotiate its relationship with Europe to something more like a free- trade deal.
Torture is still torture whether it takes place in Iraq, Afghanistan, China or Pinochet’s Chile.
Like all my colleagues who were present in the House this morning, I noted with astonishment the Council's absence during the debate on the Bourlanges report on decision-making within the Council in an enlarged Europe.
Nobody entertains any doubts, in my opinion, as to the importance of improving relations between two of the world's most populated regions boasting high levels of progress, Europe and Latin America.
The attack carried out last week in the Chechen Parliament highlights that Islamist insurgency is jeopardising the entire region's stability.
It must complete its internal market by preventing a situation whereby the markets are divided up to the advantage of oligopolies.
This has also been laid down in the interinstitutional agreement, and this should also be taken into consideration.
Obviously this is a gradual process.
The recently published report by the Commission on state asset funds is an particularly valuable contribution to this debate.
Let me stress that the Commission is also examining the possibility of whether measures adopted by individual Member States are adequate and effective.
I agree with the views set out in the EU White Paper on growth, competitiveness and employment that biotechnology is one of the technologies which will determine the future of European competitiveness.
Mr President, I am clearly very moved by today, and I thank you all for the warmth of your support.
Today is a day which brings us down to earth, from the European dream to the citizens' reality, and while we may congratulate ourselves on this enormous step, we must also call today for better definition and completion of other policies: social, environmental, political, fiscal, etcetera, so that the single currency can truly be a factor of stability, growth and peace.
Our former fellow member Siegbert Alber once said that in Europe we are all minorities.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, this is a report about terrorism.
(The vote was suspended again for a few moments)
I am prepared to report to the Budgets Committee on how this situation develops.
That has no place in this report, which, apart from this, has my full support.
I shall now use my mother tongue.
Ladies and gentlemen of the European Parliament and of the Commission and the Council, when you continue with the development of the structural funds, do not forget to assist the rural areas and the people who live in them!
In general terms, I should like to stress that with the accession of Sweden and Finland the Union has two new littoral States of the Baltic Sea among its members.
On the basis of the above arguments, we decided to abstain in the final vote.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (FR) Mr President, under the terms of its mandate, the World Bank is required to contribute to eradicating poverty in developing countries.
What, however, is, in the end, required to get the Committee on Agriculture to act in a less self-centred way?
It is alarming to note how little real political progress has been made so far in advancing this agenda; a decision is not due now but it has not shown much advance.
I say this to those people in biotech wearing the yellow tee-shirts in the gallery: I am a supporter of biotechnology but I do believe that it must be firmly and properly controlled by a properly organized ethics committee.
As far as the rights of artists are concerned, Madam President, I agree with my fellow Member Mrs Mann that authors' rights must be regulated in a different regulation and not within the framework of a market regulation.
   . Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, my colleague Mr Désir will be speaking on behalf of our group to make some points about the issues raised by the Lisbon process, but I would like to point out that it is to evaluating the outcome of this process that my group in this House, and, I think, the Union as a whole must primarily devote their efforts, for the Kok Report, which you are discussing in the Council, has plain words to say about it.
I mention this experience in order to emphasise that SkyEurope was not a normal low-cost airline.
The Commission will agree with me on that.
In this respect, and I shall conclude on this point, we can only welcome the fact that, when examining the 2002 supplementary budget, the European Union has agreed to increase aid to Afghanistan, bringing it up to EUR 250 million.
So if I go blind before the end of the debate, just accept the situation!
I stress the new provisions relating to the supply of information to the consumer: this information needs to be clear, intelligible and provided in good time.
We have talked about this over the last few hours.
Because of Denmark's reservations, we are unable to support the introduction of majority decision-making as regards the common foreign and security policy, but we feel it is a good thing that there is agreement on the setting-up of a joint analysis and planning centre.
The use of a weekly noise exposure level in place of the daily noise exposure level under certain conditions is sensible, as envisaged in the Council's common position.
If Mr Schulz wishes to speak, Mr Cohn-Bendit is entitled to address us first.
The term designates a broad range of very harmful substances that are to be found everywhere.
Mr President, Honourable Members, I would like to thank Mr Kacin very much for the positive assessment of our proposal in his report.
We are asking them to intensify their efforts, because the challenges are great.
I find it regrettable that, since none of the big groups dared apply for a roll-call vote on this matter, the European citizen can only guess how individual MEPs have voted.
The President of Italy has been mentioned a moment ago, who owns a company which owns, inter alia, three television channels, as well as the largest national publishing house, which, in turn, publishes magazines that support that politician.
I think that, on the one hand, there is the hype which the opinion columns in some European newspapers serve to create, and, on the other, there is the real situation, where we have to manage this issue seriously by having a thorough knowledge of the advantages and disadvantages and making a political decision as quickly as possible.
But Syria and Lebanon are also going through a peace process.
We fully support this initiative and we are concerned that it has not generated any fruitful outcome yet regarding the specific terms of facilitation.
The Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy is able to submit a result that sounds the right note for new steps towards sustainable developments.
2.
Does coordination inhibit the functioning of the market or support it?
This is the normal way for partners to behave.
In discussions on the subject, Member States agree that significant resources should be provided for this.
My second point is that, since the various EU financial funds are, and will be, increasingly under pressure, it is very important to compare the results of the various Member States and to opt for the best practices, thereby achieving a certain degree of harmonisation where everyone gains.
In the fight against HIV/AIDS, we have the opportunity to achieve better results, but this requires political will.
Documents received: see Minutes
   The debate is interrupted for voting time and will resume at 3 p.m.
I consider it important that we were able to make insurance cover cases of cross-border traffic accidents, and to ensure that the court would take into account the actual circumstances of victims with regard to the payment of damages.
The new currency introduced in late 2002 has remained stable and the Afghan Government has succeeded in increasing the flow of tax revenues to Kabul.
To conclude, I should like to direct a remark to you in particular, Mr Michael, as representative of the Presidency, and say, once again quoting a figure that I believe speaks volumes, that if we do not reach agreement on the financial perspectives this autumn, in 2007 the ten new Member States will only receive some EUR 9 billion, whereas with a 2007-2013 policy, a policy of solidarity through the use of the Structural Funds, they will receive EUR 22 billion.
It would be a mistake to rush.
A terrorist is a man or woman or, alas, a deluded child who sets out in the morning to murder innocent men, women and children to make a political point - the propaganda of the deed.
The Commission proposal favours tax havens of all kinds and the multifarious exemptions that exist in the system for taxing large corporations.
Secondly, the opportunities of globalisation should be exploited and the risks minimised.
In order to respond to this new challenge we need genuine ambition and instruments for dialogue.
Finally, we must bear in mind that packaging waste represents a relatively small proportion of all waste generated in the Member States, 3% according to you, Commissioner.
Instead, consumers should be able to make informed choices.
I therefore hope you will appreciate why we have had to put this report through Parliament and discuss it and why we must continue to be vigilant in future.
I ask this, not as a Member of this Parliament, but rather as a mother who cannot imagine the pain this courageous family is going through.
Thank you, Mr Kinnock.
However, I would insist on the fact that the amendments which are being rejected are not being rejected due to disagreement in substance with their tenet.
Commissioner, this 'seesaw' effect seems likely to continue.
If we look around, the reality is that the CFSP is in danger of becoming nothing more than talk. Take, for example, Germany' s defence savings.
I will give you one example - social policies towards street children in Brazil.
Approval of the minutes of the previous sitting: see Minutes
You have the right to do so after all!
It is an unfortunate situation and we should all do our best to unblock the situation.
Clarification is undoubtedly necessary.
A Member of Parliament raised the issue of the fight against terrorism and its impact on human rights.
But, Mr Kinnock, this liberalization must not lead to any 'reverse discrimination' against enterprises.
These EU policies must not be used as tools for reprisals, but as a means of prevention.
While we strongly support reform of the CAP and the CFP, this must not be a precondition for enlargement.
We know what our obligations are.
By giving the States the option of internalising certain external costs if they wish, this directive takes a first step in that direction - a first step towards true integration of the external costs in all modes of transport, which sends a powerful political message.
The European Community contributes up to EUR 237 million.
One of the defects in the system is not only that we often get presented with a fait accompli but that we do not get a chance to go to the country concerned.
I would therefore like to see Europe accorded a stronger position within the UN, particularly at the annual General Assembly.
In particular, did the Greek authorities notify the Commission's delegation of the measures they have taken to comply with the Court of Justice ruling concerning Greece's failure to protect the Caretta caretta turtle?
I realise that.
It is also significant that there is a desire here to pre-empt the reading in Parliament and in the Council of Ministers.
Thank you for your support, thank you for your valuable contribution to this process, and thank you to Mrs in ‘t Veld and her shadow rapporteur for their work.
The British Government must amend its approach to asylum.
   Mr President, the Århus Convention, signed by all 25 Member States, gives the public rights in the three areas of accessing environmental information, participating in environmental decision-making and accessing justice in environmental matters.
This report deserves my vote in favour as it is absolutely desirable that it be adopted now, at first reading.
Measures connected with this can, however, only be taken after a thorough evaluation has been undertaken.
However, the main responsibility obviously lies with the East Timorese people who must try to achieve a cross-party compromise for lasting peace and respect for the rule of law and judicial decisions, without hesitation, without prevarication and without complacency.
Of course, this proposal is not only about the solidarity fund.
We are clearly going to approve this text, but with great scepticism.
It also means that foreign policy needs to be refocused and new conclusions drawn in the matter of securing and using our own energy resources.
I would also add to previous speakers in raising the issue about energy poverty, which I think all in this House would agree is vitally important to emphasise.
When I get the answer on paper I am going to go through it again and I will come back if I feel that the answer needs to be elaborated.
   . Any decision to change the name of this Parliament’s exchange delegation with the Iranian Parliament is far too fundamental not to be preceded by proper preparatory discussion.
We must therefore implement a free trade agreement that not only does not have a negative impact on the people living in the region but, on the contrary, consolidates their political, economic and social rights.
I would stress that it is vital to keep up the pressure on the junta so that all UN agencies with the experience and logistical know-how to deal with the situation are allowed in.
   Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I will naturally not be supporting the executions carried out by the Cuban Government.
Like Mrs Hautala, I am therefore very happy that the Committee on Petitions has survived the attempts to remove it, since, as well as demanding compliance with Community law, it is the committee which is closest to the citizens.
These problems were raised during the debate.
But this must be a request from the people, political parties must be established from below as a result of popular demand and not in any other way.
I do not know that too many people have noticed many similarities in the past anyway.
To tackle the pollution problems caused by these dangerous substances the Commission has proposed or adopted more than 30 Community acts since the Water Framework Directive was agreed.
We do not, however, believe that fisheries policy requires increased appropriations.
They can be resolved in the EU and NATO through violence, precision bombing raids and attacks on independent countries, all of which runs counter to the decisions of the international community.
In Britain around 80 % of our goods are now moved by road compared to rail, waterways and other means.
It should make life easier both for the national authorities and, more importantly, for the farmers who are entitled to use this simplified system in future.
I am nevertheless convinced that we have to debate this matter in much greater depth, and that in doing so we should not lose sight of the real culprit - for he sits in Belgrade and not in Prishtina.
The European Union will continue to use all the means at its disposal to urge the parties to resume negotiations and to observe human rights in Sudan.
Packaging then becomes the protector of the product and prevents waste.
I successfully urged the addition of an extra clause to the existing Article 113 allowing the Council, in response to a proposal by the Commission and after consultation with the European Parliament, to extend the provisions of that article to intellectual property and to services.
Where I differ from the rapporteur, therefore, is not on the substance, the content, but on the strategy.
The Swedish presidency in particular has made great efforts in this direction.
Following the failure of Europe's market share in the growing satellite navigation systems market to live up to expectations, in June last year, the Commission brought forward an action plan on global navigation satellite system (GNSS) applications.
In order to strengthen the European Union's response capacity, it is of the utmost importance that all Member States of the Union work together in a spirit of solidarity, not least to assist those Member States that are, let us say, in the front line.
As you yourself mentioned in your excellent speech, immense challenges await us all.
We therefore have an obligation to respond to these concerns, in a way that will guarantee the protection of the environment and public health, with a view to improving the quality of our citizens' lives.
Without the small farmers, there will be no Europe.
Indeed, many of us want budget cuts and a reduction in Britain's excessive contribution. (...).
We regret that these considerations were not mentioned in the report.
I can only get that in areas where enough taxes also can be obtained.
There are some positive points in the report by Mr Fernandes and I accept those - besides, there are also the related amendments following the debate by the committee -, such as the creation of an agency from within the profession to monitor tobacco quality, etc. I think it would be better for that to be run by the state, it would be more reliable, with experience and scientific expertise, as was proved by a body of the same sort in Greece.
With regard to the use of traditional vine varieties, the Commission does not consider it necessary to apply this new criteria to 'crémant' since it already applies to all quality wines produced in specified regions.
What my group would like to see in Mrs Daskalaki's report is one paragraph, or maybe more, on freedom of the press, because there could be a real threat to the press resulting from the rise of new technologies, in the form of censorship by governments.
The important thing is to mark the end of the twentieth century by means of action by Europe - Europe as the home of human rights - involving the abolition of the death penalty.
I do, of course, beg to differ on certain points, but nothing is fundamentally unacceptable - if it had been, I would certainly not have voted in favour.
This opinion was arrived at singlemindedly, taking into account the events of the bovine spongiform encephalopathy crisis and the measures taken since it started, and the report which this House approved.
   Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, reasonable accession agreements have been concluded for Bulgaria and Romania, and the Union was to have been enlarged to include these states from the first day of next year, but the deadline has again been thrown into doubt.
Whilst the world witnessed scenes of desperate people on rooftops and in trees, aid had already got under way off camera.
Madam President, I would first of all like to extend my warmest congratulations to Prime Minister Guterres for his initiative for the Lisbon Summit, and congratulate him on the quality of the preparatory work.
In my own country we currently have the shortest re-registration period, with only one day allowed.
I would first like to clearly state that you may rest assured that we will pursue our course of action.
I could not agree more with Mr Hökmark’s statements.
I believe that the motive for this is completely political.
in writing. - (FR) Europe wishes to protect itself against maritime accidents and the pollution of its seas and oceans.
Change must come slowly, so as not to arouse hostility to our own culture and expectations.
Finally, I would like to point out that the European Commission still has time to use the interventions wherever they may be necessary or possible, and that more than one farming sector would appreciate it.
Its conclusion was that you need a holistic approach to this issue.
Let us hope that what we have heard today is not just a public relations reaction, a placebo, or a tranquilliser.
My group will vote wholeheartedly in favour of this report and hopes that the Commission will implement these amendments.
What diplomatic or economic effort has really been made to persuade other African countries to do the decent thing over Zimbabwe?
There are essentially three reasons for this poor management and they were highlighted by the Court of Auditors: firstly, lack of planning and poor interaction between the measures funded and the various funding instruments, factors which prevented us achieving the expected added value; secondly, lack of global vision which meant that the projects defined were not ambitious enough; thirdly, delays in concluding previous projects and programmes, largely due to the absence of documents justifying the actual expenditure.
Much of what the Commissioner has said reflects the Council’s way of thinking.
The PSE Group has tabled an amendment to increase the participation in this project at an early stage, for which we of course would need a translation of the text, albeit a summary of the text.
If the UN is not capable of seeing this through, the whole multilateral element of international politics would be discredited and the world would become a much more dangerous place.
The three Baltic States have finally recovered their sovereignty and freedoms after fifty years of Soviet occupation.
I would like to encourage all EU institutions and Member States to provide the members of society with more detailed information on combating poverty and social exclusion in order to increase the sense of common responsibility and help disperse the prejudice of being a financial burden on society.
I am delighted that you carried these reports on regional funds and I need say no more.
Mr President, I would like to express my profound gratitude for Mr Tabajdi's work in preparing and tabling this oral question that we are debating here today, and also for his tremendous work in drawing up the resolution which, regrettably, we are not debating but which we will no doubt be able to discuss in forthcoming plenary sittings.
We welcome the abolition of the notification requirement for competition agreements.
At the same time, however, the report is very careful – and on this point I disagree with Mr van Hecke – to avoid disgruntling the European Union’s economic and political partners.
Waste management
But as other speakers have made clear, the abolition of the urban community initiative would dismantle European support in 110 cities benefiting half a million people across Europe.
This dialogue between the European Union and Russia on one side, and OPEC on the other, must be continued and strengthened.
This is the only way to guarantee that the network, from collection to distribution, will be a comprehensive network which cannot be broken up or used only in part and according to the convenience of postal service operators.
This solution is very important for cases of lower and fragmented damages.
Moreover, I would remind you that the European Union is the primary investor in Latin America and the primary donor of development aid, with an expected investment of EUR 3 billion for the period 2007-2013.
Now we need to realise that we also have our weaknesses, and the fact that we were not able to reach an agreement on the subject of defining fine bakers’ wares shows that our work is not quite finished and that labelling will have to be the subject of future legislation.
This may seem rather complicated for the uninitiated among us, but it really is quite simple at the end of the day.
The euro is a strong currency.
In October 1998, the European Parliament adopted a resolution on the independence, role and statute of the anti-fraud office which was to succeed UCLAF.
This is a particularly topical issue: as the festive season approaches, we must be able to reassure parents and grandparents that the toys they are buying for children's Christmas stockings will not put their health at risk.
There is no way round the fact that extra costs for SMEs will become extra costs for consumers.
I will confine myself to the nuclear question.
The content of this text is admittedly not completely negative.
It really is very complicated.
The issues discussed will be very varied and they may or may not include recommendations on the desirable level of integration at EU level, but the role of the Union will certainly be tackled and in any case the content of the database of debates will be reflected in the feedback process.
Those were times when you could be humorous on the subject.
This shows clearly that dairy producers are reacting to market signals.
I have voted against as I am against EMU.
We are considering the question of possible further legislation very seriously and we will produce our conclusions in 2007.
Mr President, that was a very important statement.
This is the will of Parliament.
The United States has always denied that intelligence is passed on directly to US companies.
The financial resources for 2007-2013 are manifestly insufficient, but budgetary constraints affect the Fifteen and the ten new Member States differently.
This brave act was considered blasphemy in accordance with Palaeolithic-era sharia law and he was sentenced to death by hemi-encephalic fanatically blinded so-called judges in a so-called regional court in northern Afghanistan.
It would contribute to increased legal certainty and an efficient internal market.
Together we can reach an agreement at first reading on the directive on energy efficiency in buildings.
They believe that the deficits are primarily the product of bad intentions on the part of those States, as though the neoliberal model that you never question had not just been through its worst crisis since 1929, and as if it were not already leading to pressure on the buying power of ordinary people and causing a massive contraction in tax income: two problems that were at the root of the rise in private and public indebtedness in the first place.
Competition in textiles was mentioned earlier.
We also found that European society was increasingly vulnerable to problems related to network and information security.
This means the wine from Europe's regions that we know and appreciate will be preserved.
Parliament must make its decision on its choice of procedure and of course that is Parliament's privilege.
In the very same way as the rapporteur, Mr Garriga Polledo, you have today made it clear that budget policy is pre-eminently a political task, that not only do we have to handle columns of figures, but we also have to express the priorities of what we are endeavouring to do politically and hence also our political self-conception in Europe.
on behalf of the PSE Group. - (DE) Mr President, I would like to say first of all that I do not think it is fair that, when I withdrew my amendment, you rejected part of my original text.
Rule 37 makes it quite clear that the Commission may, at any time, ask for permission to make a statement.
The very title of this report is misleading in itself.
With the imminence of our elections, we are all aware that the largest party in Europe is now the apathy party.
The signature and ratification of the Council of Europe Convention last April, and its additional protocol specifically banning human cloning, could be the start of the solution, but the Union's partner countries must be urgently involved.
On the one hand, binding and enforceable rules apply to equal pay or additional old-age pensions and on the other hand, programmes are used to offer incentives with regard to non-discrimination or social exclusion.
The EU and the US are the world's most integrated economies; we are each other's largest trade and investment partners; we share common values and responsibilities for tackling global challenges on a variety of issues, be it innovation or environmental challenges, energy security or access to raw materials.
No statistics are kept of the outcome of votes in connection with its decisions and judges do not express views at variance with Court judgments.
(PL) With reference to the report by Mr Nassauer, I have to say that I voted in favour of it.
In my view, if we try to take the legislative route, we will fail to take everyone with us and will not achieve what we all want - a decent standard of living for all and to take people out of poverty and avoid homelessness.
On Saturday morning, the President-in-Office of the European Council’s disappointment was plain for us all to see, and this disappointment we shared with him.
You have stated, Commissioner, that the Council agreed unanimously with the Commission’s opinion.
It serves purely neocolonial ends and we cannot support it.
Community cultural events are being organised and real local involvement and international exchange will occur.
(DE) Mr President, this particular piece of nonsense you just referred to was adopted by the majority of this House in spite of our voting against it.
How do you plan to address this?
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the answer seems very vague to me and puts off a decision .
Will this require exceptional emergency funds?
The first is that the private sector has not always performed better and I urge my fellow Members to come and see what is happening in France, in the water industry, which has been largely opened up to the private sector.
This effect can be reduced in cogeneration processes, which can achieve an efficiency rating of as much as 90%.
Often, successful candidates who have been chosen in competitions - those who were successful in a competition - accept a job outside the European Union institutions because they simply cannot wait so long, and the entire recruitment process is wasted.
As we discuss this report this evening we should never forget this.
The last payments to projects under the 2007-2013 EU structural funds programmes will be made in 2015.
The second puzzle is a practical one: the sampling system is unreliable, the critical threshold would seem to be exceeded by 0.6%, or 10 000 journeys, but according to a Commission study there are 92 000 vehicles that entered Austria and did not leave.
(ES) Prime Minister, it is right and proper that we should recognise that, following a worrying period of uncertainty, you have been one of the leaders who has reinvigorated the European transatlantic relationship and I must congratulate you on this.
We cannot accept this.
Thank you, Mr Verheugen.
When we speak of accountability and transparency, we must start with ourselves and that means all of the EU institutions.
A week ago, the European Council in Lisbon spoke out in favour of a Europe of innovation.
This is unacceptable.
Of course, on the question of agencies, there is an enormous desire to establish new agencies and new institutions everywhere in Europe.
Yet we see nothing in the proposals by the Council of Ministers specifically designed to provide a swift cure for the drastic employment situation in the European Union.
I believe that the recent military operations conducted against the FDLR have had disastrous consequences, resulting, which we should be aware of, in large-scale human rights violations and exacerbating the humanitarian crisis.
Moreover, China and Brazil must, of course, also be counted as developing countries.
Instead there is sibling rivalry and then murder, fratricide.
Therefore my group proposes we should continue with electronic voting.
Madam President, I would like to congratulate the President-in-Office on the ability which his presidency has already demonstrated to deal with a number of issues.
The approach has changed because it has failed and the transit reservations we have are extremely serious, as shown in paragraph 4 of Mr Elles' excellent report and paragraph 15 of the explanatory memorandum.
Turning to the subject of wilderness, Europe is densely populated and only 1-2% of the territory has not been affected by human intervention.
What we do not need is for more demands to be made on the EU, more pious lipservice and buck-passing.
This is an issue that is generating a lot of heat in certain Member States.
Mr President, the European Union's commitment to human rights and vigilance in their defence must shape all our Community policies.
Now, in many ways, his ideas have been discredited because we have had a series of agricultural revolutions which have transformed our society.
This move required political courage and was a political risk.
We had not been used to this for a while in Belgium, and it was a nice surprise when it did happen. Thank you for this.
The vote will be taken tomorrow at 10.00 a.m.
While each Member State must remain responsible for its own control bodies, the Commission must be responsible for coordinating the application of the controls.
I would like to take the opportunity to repeat our appeal for this framework of service of general economic interest, which, horizontally, should reinstate the balance between those interests in favour of the public interest.
Unfortunately, however, amendments by the conservative forces which contradict the original text have altered it.
I suggest that both sides are missing the point.
Fourthly, Belarus is trying in this way to give prominence to its basic need also to join the European Union in addressing the border issues and the refugee situation within Belarus.
Nevertheless I have comments here and, if you agree, I shall forward them to the Parliament's services for everyone to see.(1)
In short, the European Parliament has once again allowed itself to be carried away by an ideological and demagogic interpretation of the observable situation.
I will make a very clear and very objective point to the Committee on Regional Policy.
These companies are questioning whether the Commission still has a clear overview of the consequences of the measures it imposes.
Two of the ten States Parties have significant arsenals of anti-personnel mines and do not envisage any measures for their destruction: they are Ethiopia and Iraq.
Although quite a few amendments have been tabled on the Commission's text, the result is in line with the planned modernisation and the internal market's goals.
This is particularly important because we must guarantee that the young people who are conscientious objectors can receive social-welfare benefits anywhere in Europe and that this is based on a legal certainty. If this is not the case, the alternative of voluntary service for military service would be impossible, and what we are trying to do is in fact to ensure that it is possible.
I congratulate Mr Azzolini on his work and the receptiveness he has shown.
One of the lessons to be learnt from this saga is that the IGC must refine the decision-making structures of the European Union to ensure that there is no repetition of these circumstances when one Member State is able to hold the entire European Union to ransom.
It is a continuing scandal that this Parliament has not demanded that Member State governments stop the Strasbourg circus once and for all.
In terms of the relationship between the European Union and its Member States with the Republic of Indonesia at the moment, the only sensible course of action is to uphold the decisions of the Council of 16 and 17 October, when restrictions were established that included a ban on the sale of weapons.
All MEPs must be permitted to speak at least three times a year.
Vice-President of the Commission. - (DE) Mr Ryan, as I said it is an official proposal, which the Commission agreed as early as 2004.
All of us, with a sincere regard for the condition of that continent, recognise what a significant contribution the removal of mines can make to the achievement of the Millennium Development Goals there.
There is no doubt, however, that the tax system and the VAT rate should be drawn up in accordance with the principles of the freedom, independence and sovereignty of the Member States.
Council has denied the possibility for the Commission to take immediate action in emergency cases without consulting Member States beforehand.
Fourthly, the idea of moving from cooperation towards integration in all areas where it may be possible to do so.
We can only hope that it begins to put its words into action as soon as possible, something that it has unfortunately not yet succeeded in doing in many cases.
I am referring to the sanctions against Yugoslavia.
I would also like to draw attention to my speech at first reading, in which I pointed out how unintelligible this directive is in its full form, in spite of the fact that many citizens would be extremely interested in its content.
Enabling such countries to become more involved in European Capital of Culture events is a unique opportunity to harness the unprecedented energy generated by societies in the so-called young democracies.
Mr President, we should now be trying to defend Community preference or prevent the disappearance of the CAP.
We must take the psychology of the public into consideration and we must ensure that dialogue is established.
It is on that basis that we have to respond to the apparent clash of civilisations, and each of us has problems with fundamentalists.
We have successfully overcome the recent danger.
Subsidized positions should come as a support for underprivileged social categories, for the purpose of reducing illiteracy, social reconversion, for a better adjustment to the labour market requirements and reduction of unemployment.
What then, is, left for the Black Sea synergy to achieve?
The money was transferred without the knowledge of the workers concerned.
This is not the sort of behaviour we expect from law enforcement officers or excise officers in the United Kingdom or across Europe.
The fiscal advantages for clean vehicles could then be introduced some two years before the new standards take effect.
The important thing was physical strength, like other animals.
Why are we talking about the coordination of economic policy? We are talking neither about problems of regional policy, nor of competition, nor of taxation, nor of any other such factor.
What really upsets me in many people's approach to unemployment is the far too one-sided way they emphasize growth.
The Commission proposal to introduce rational planning techniques in its arsenal of energy policy measures is a good proposal.
Fourth and last point: the suffering of animals.
Rather, it is a matter of realising that the military problem has become a civilian problem and concerns the protection, for a long time after the operation itself, of the health and lives of civilians as well as soldiers.
I would like to echo the comments made by Mr Moraes, by saying that we must use the most modern means to fight against this scourge, which itself is also often carried out using the most modern methods, and that we must fight against all forms of exploitation.
Nevertheless, although the intentions stated in this report are good, one would be entitled to wonder who will enforce the resolutions that have been adopted.
The Commission's draft decision seeks to reduce the notification burden as concerns small services of general economic interest.
The EU (and some Member States) have been treating the Iranian resistance in a way that benefits the Iranian regime and neither the Iranian people nor the democratisation objectives for that part of the world.
   – I declare the session of the European Parliament adjourned.
Apart from that, the 'aid for trade' policies are the only ones that can eventually create employment and lasting employment at that.
The Commission does not entirely agree with the objectives of Amendment No 6 and, in particular, the reference to small local fishing enterprises, since these fisheries agreements, which are, obviously, commercial in nature, seek to provide fishing opportunities for Community shipowners, while taking into account compatibility with other Community policies and especially development policy.
We are surprised, in particular, that the voices of prestigious independent intellectual, religious and political figures should have been so discreet.
I was therefore also pleased to hear what the Commissioner said at the beginning.
The situation is not normal, however, as consumer prices are artificially high in Europe, and are therefore ruining the world market.
This leads me to the following comment regarding the revision clause.
Another challenge that the European Union must face relates to areas that are very densely populated.
I await with interest to see how the British Department of the Environment intends to comply with its legal obligations under this important convention.
I am involved in several amendments.
However, I call for no more time to be wasted, for I would not like us, as has happened in the past, to once again have to discuss what we should have done to preserve peace once war has already started.
First determine the scope and then we shall welcome the SESAR which, in all events, is designed to speed up passenger movements.
You will say that this is, unfortunately, an everyday occurrence, that these criminal activities prove that the worse can happen at any time.
As the rapporteur quite rightly pointed out, there is a need for additional controls, the introduction of social and environmental clauses and greater fairness in competition, but we can also complete the global integration of the economy, commerce and investment, and create jobs - including those making explosives -, by regulating the relationship which exists with private enterprise.
The most important thing now is to include high speed trains in this system, so that people are better able to recognize those routes where it is more practical to take the train than to fly.
We think the European Union has given a terrible account of itself on the Maghreb issue, since each Member State acted independently and Baroness Ashton, the High Representative for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy, did not know how to manage the crisis.
Mr President, when it took office the present Commission stated that an important objective was to reform its financial and staff management structures.
There can be no doubt, ladies and gentlemen, that without the application of this legal instrument there can be no humane asylum law in Europe.
That would be some sort of progress.
We note and welcome the swift reaction of President Medvedev in this situation and his personal commitment to finding the perpetrators, and we hope this will be effective.
We must redouble our efforts to promote sustainable peace and development in the region.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
If you travel to Lvov or Chernovtsy, you will feel as if you were in Vienna, Budapest or Bratislava.
This will exacerbate the problems rather than solving them.
Therefore, as the rapporteur states, attention and appropriate controls are required to prevent monopoly situations becoming, whether legally or de facto, as often happens – in Italy certainly, and I believe in the rest of Europe too – abuses and pointless taxes to the detriment of amateur artists.
As an Italian citizen, I should, however, like to mention that it was Giuseppe Mazzini – the bicentenary of whose birth is this year – who instituted the petition by allowing people, both individually and collectively, to submit petitions under Article 10 of the Constitution of the Roman Republic of 1849.
Among the structural causes of poverty is always bad governance.
The 20-20-20 target will otherwise grow ever more distant.
The report is of course an extensive one not least because of the numerous amendments, and my group supports the negotiated withdrawal of some of these, so that the programme which we adopt can serve its intended purpose: a revision, a process of taking stock, providing an overview of the extent to which the objectives are realistic and have been achieved, and of what still needs to be done to reach the goal of sustainable environmental development in the Union.
In addition, the law grants custody of children only to the father and grandfather.
The recent rise in marine fuel prices - an increase of over 240% on 2004 levels, according to the Commission, over 30% in recent months - has only exacerbated the already well-documented devastation of our fisheries and fishing industry in Europe.
author. - (PL) Mr President, I have participated in dozens of human rights debates in this Chamber, but I am perhaps especially moved today, because in fact when we speak of large numbers, of thousands of dead, it gradually stops making an impression. However, when we look at the murder of one specific person, of a child in fact, a thirteen-year-old girl called Aisha Ibrahim Duhulow, then indeed the cruelty of the act forces us to think about what we can do.
We had very many debates. In the end, we reached some very good compromises, even though we all know that it is not always quite so easy, of course.
We would like to believe them, but bitter experience prevents us.
The average European produces approximately 14 kg of this type of waste every year.
To ensure the country's oil revenue should be invested in economic and social development for the country's people.
I was also very pleased to hear that the four parties had held an emergency meeting that very evening.
I should also like to point out a discrepancy in the translation of Mr Elles's report. It is in the English version.
When two weeks ago, during a summit with Ukraine, we again asked President Kuchma whether he was able to confirm that his earlier political commitment to close Chernobyl in the year 2000 was still applicable, he said that it was, inasfar as the international community is also prepared to honour the commitment that it made in the Memorandum of Understanding in 1994 and 1995.
The Commission cannot agree to Amendments 30 and 32, by which animals shall be identified by an eartag or a tattoo in one ear only.
We should not forget that in this field, most unfortunately, the question is not how to improve the current situation, but to avoid it becoming too very much worse.
Both needed his close attention.
As I understand it, a modern crisis management system should also bear the brunt of crises brought on by the weather, for example, by supporting multi-risk insurance.
Special reports of the Court of Auditors
Amendment No 1 does not seem to be necessary.
Having re-read the report that I wrote, I regret that things have evolved in the way I predicted, but I do not deserve credit for that, I was not being a visionary; it was already obvious, as it was two years previously, that Bolivia was heading for the abyss.
It is a crucial precondition for bilateral and multilateral cooperation that Ukraine's Government continues to implement its objectives.
, draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Development and Cooperation.
It has the potential to benefit from this increased trade and I ask the Commission to ensure that it does so.
Our air quality directives provide for significant restrictions in this respect.
The European Parliament proposed the sum of EUR 380 million and I think the Council should have accepted this, given that much of this money has already been spent on programmes already running until the end of 2002.
I support the essential role the agricultural sector plays in providing employment and maintaining the European agri-food model, which is a strategic component of the European economy.
It will also ensure a balance between the availability of plant protection products and, by implication, a sufficient quantity of food products, as well as help maintain European farmers' competitiveness and increase the level of protection for the environment and health.
   – Mr President, Commissioner, I think the discrimination apparent in these dismissals deserves special attention in Parliament today, particularly after yesterday’s vote on the Constitutional Treaty, Title II of which includes the Charter detailing the rights of us all, of all European citizens.
I think that this proposal, of which the Chair of the Committee on Legal Affairs is a fervent supporter, is an example of such simplification and I hope that micro-entities will soon be able to benefit from the savings expected from this proposal.
That is true for us in the European Union also, and it must be true further afield - particularly as regards our development cooperation policies - as the ACP-EU parliamentary assembly passed a groundbreaking resolution last year.
The actions of the local authorities and our initiatives to assist them are absolutely vital elements in the fight against organised crime, and are therefore also crucial for the safety of Europeans.
I would like to express my sympathy with all those who are dealing with the consequences of the breaking up and sinking of the oil tanker Erika.
Mr Brinkhorst's report on the draft budget contains certain fundamental points with which I should specifically like to express my agreement.
That does not seem to me to represent a threat to the autonomy of the European Union.
Although some of them were simply encouraged to leave, many were brutally forced to do so, with Russians then arriving to take their place.
Among the EU countries, Italy allocates only 0.3% and Germany only 2.1% of their aid budgets to development.
Please take the trouble to read the Rules of Procedure and apply them.
Europe now faces a serious test. The outcome will show whether we can count on its support in issues which are so difficult for us.
   That concludes the voting, and we shall now proceed to the explanations of vote.
Studies indeed show that impressive amounts of criminal proceeds are amassed by organised crime and reinvested in the world economy.
The European Security Strategy states that ‘the first line of defence against new threats will often be abroad’.
I would like to build on that beautiful thought by saying that until recently we could only listen to what the candidates and thereafter new members of the European Union expected from it.
The decrees do not have a different impact now, but they did have an impact at the time that they were drawn up.
I fear that cleaning up the environment may prove to be a doddle compared to the task of persuading the UKIP to clean up its act.
A number of group spokesmen have made reference to the question of parliamentary access to sensitive Council documents in the Second Pillar.
And because of the programme' s success and its basic approach they will of course at some point then be dropped from LEADER.
The people of Europe in particular have felt this during the economic crisis.
The weakness of the reference to prevention targets means that a harmonised prevention initiative and indicators is not yet enshrined in legislation
This means that all in all we are assuming that institutions, or even voluntary associations, are being set up in Europe so that the subjects we are addressing can be better understood in order to prevent the next crisis of this magnitude.
Yes, certain people must be called to account for this.
Thus, the lofty ambitions of the Lisbon Strategy will not be achieved through discordant, disunited and partial activity with different rules of the game for different Member States.
This kind of development will lead to a decline in postal services, severely affected, as they will be, with budgetary problems related to public finance, as well as to haggling over the important issue of equality.
It would be ideal, therefore, were the Member States to be granted authorisation beforehand.
Written statements (Rule 142)
My question is, of course, addressed to the Members in this Chamber, but also to the Commission and ministers.
Specific directives will then be adopted within this framework.
We now pay so much money to the European Union and we then have to beg for money back when we have a need ourselves.
The social and economic costs of failing to treat this problem are far larger, far greater than those of facing up to it.
In view of the Johannesburg Summit, the provisions laid down by the International Criminal Court and the Cotonou agreements, and in response to this scandal which I believe threatens the global ecosystem and to the reign of poaching and violations of human rights, I believe that the European Union should ask the UN Security Council to initiate proceedings against those who are implicated, particularly by freezing assets and conducting enquiries into pogroms and other acts of violence committed against the people.
The Commission and the Member States must make the introduction of sustainable forest management mandatory within the European Union
I get the impression that it has been left behind in a drawer somewhere.
If I understand Mr Andersson's supplementary question aright, he asks how we rate the chances of the Irish presidency's proposals being applied at the Intergovernmental Conference.
(PL) Madam President, the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia has made a significant contribution to the process of reconciliation in the Western Balkans and has helped to bring about the restoration and maintenance of peace in the region.
What is more, neither Commissioner Fischler in his proposals, nor what the Ministers have approved, makes the slightest mention of women.
Alas, the way chosen by the Commission to launch the process of reforming the common fisheries policy has been the exact opposite of the cooperative effort that is needed to develop new rules.
An additional amount of EUR 6 million has been mobilised under the civil protection budget line for the co-financing of assistance in kind provided by the Member States.
While we genuinely want Europe, we know that it has to be far more than a market: Europe is a political project and a social project.
Some of us have not even reached Strasbourg and also want to have this information.
The European Central Bank will have full independence to guarantee monetary stability, but the governments, with their economic and budgetary policies, will have to ensure the optimum conditions for a stable and strong euro in time.
During the previous term, I had the pleasure of acting as rapporteur for an own-initiative report on the topic and then, not long ago, we approved the previous version of the Eurovignette.
We must be guided, first of all, by our values, which must be supported by objective assessments of the risks we have to face.
However, this does not mean that aspects of environmental policy cannot and should not be taken into consideration.
We must see to it that these investigations are carried out as independently and fairly as possible.
We will therefore have the chance, on the spot, to evaluate precisely where we have got to, but let us be clear in our own minds about the fact that we have been formally mandated following debates held over recent months, both in the Council of Ministers and in Parliament.
We pressed extremely hard - and you, Madam President, were involved in this - to try and get to a position where we could be flexible and act very rapidly as a parliament.
Mr President, I have asked for the floor in order to add to Mrs Napoletano' s words. In addition to the indignation of my group and myself, as soon as I realised what was happening, I contacted the security services but they failed to respond.
Many unreliable opinions on Frontex are currently circulating, saying that sometimes it operates and sometimes it does not.
The research totally failed to mention the positive health benefits that can be gained from eating fatty fish such as salmon.
Mr President, Commissioner, on behalf of the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development, I would first like to express my warmest thanks to the rapporteur, Mr Seppänen, and the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy, for an excellent report and some excellent cooperation.
The Union is sending out a clear signal that we want solidarity, and that we want the future of our organisation to be based on a unified approach to the question of the security of energy resources.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, here in the European Union we are neither the government of the world, nor the policemen of the world.
We need a financing programme for energy service companies or ESCOs.
I would specifically mention, in this regard, that the existence of the Cohesion Fund and adjustment in line with the Stability Pact are part of the Commission's overall proposal.
Having said that, as a representative of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, it is a matter of pride to me that no one in my group signed this motion.
Madam President, on a point of order.
Ombudsman's annual report 2010 (
This mechanism has effects which accentuate the economic dependence of these countries as it leads to production for export, to the detriment of their internal market.
Lechner report (A5-0060/1999)
Our group is asking for Parliament’s support in Article 13(b), on which we will vote tomorrow.
I would like to begin by saying to Carlos Lage that what the Commission has approved today - the Media Plus programme - is entirely consistent with a strategy that has been developed by this Commission within the framework of the so-called I-Europe programme. And this will culminate - we hope - in the decisions of next March' s Extraordinary European Council meeting in Lisbon.
Either the report I have read is wrong or you have gone directly against what the person who runs that UN Office is actually recommending, and we finance him.
We shall now proceed to the vote.
   Mr President, I should like to comment on what Mr MacCormick said.
In this regard, the implementation of the Accession Partnership - in particular as regards its short-term priorities - is of great importance.
This agreement provides that the budgetary allocation will remain at the 1998 level, namely ECU 14.3 million rather than the ECU 10.9 million in the Commission proposal.
A French survey also reveals that 70% of harassment of victims are women and this applies at all points of the employment process, so not only do you get paid less, you get harassed as well, and chauvinist and sexist connotations, which are more often targeted at women than at men, can frequently turn into something more serious.
This stability will naturally also be dependent on governments and partner countries accepting their responsibilities, thereby creating a clear political and legal framework that enables investors to recognise the political and administrative risks involved in the projects.
The aim of the legislation is to enable Member States to meet their Kyoto targets by containing the leakage and restricting the use of fluorinated gases.
Fourthly, the desire for liquidating the shipyards, the birthplace of the Solidarity movement and the changes in Europe, may result in a defensive reaction of public dissatisfaction on a large scale, which nobody needs at the moment.
The accompanying measures of the 1992 reforms must now be fully incorporated into the Union's policy.
All these factors along the production chain are involved.
Mr President, in agreement with the European Parliament, the Commission has taken the initiative of instigating what we are calling the 'Dialogue on Europe' which is intended to raise awareness regarding the issues involved in institutional reform in the context of the enlargement of the Union.
We have created the Greater Europe, and on this marvellous morning, as I walked towards this Strasbourg palace, I remembered that episode of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe in Valmy, when he suddenly stood up in front of a group of people and, possessed by an extraordinary strength, said: ‘we are witnessing an historic moment, life will never be the same and you will be able to say: we were there’.
(The sitting was opened at 2.15 p.m.)
For now, however, we must distribute the time in the manner we had planned.
The June List feels that it is very important, for example, that Swedish alcohol policy can be pursued in accordance with the values and decisions of the Swedish Parliament.
Report by Mr Chichester (A5-0060/1999)
It has a great potential to remove barriers to trade in the internal market and to modernise our public administrations, and proper implementation becomes even more pressing in the current economic context.
We have secured for ourselves in Heading 3 on internal policy the necessary leeway for the codecision procedures that have to be seen through in the course of this year - in programmes with added value for Europe, programmes that are important to the public, such as research, Erasmus, Youth for Europe - so that we can then complete codecision in a proper procedure with the supplementary sum of EUR 480 million at 1999 prices.
The percentage of agricultural appropriations in spending as a whole is being relentlessly eroded and, in particular, the appropriations authorised in financial forecasts are never used to the full.
It is our guarantee because if we do not get an interinstitutional agreement we have to have a fallback position.
Therefore, austerity must not put at risk either the investment necessary for economic recovery or the financing of essential reforms.
As a result of the way in which our proceedings have developed, these topical and urgent debates have now been put back to a period of the part-session such as to cast doubt on the representativity of the House and even the object of certain resolutions that are adopted, as you have said yourself. Even apart from that problem, there are numerous questions about the admissibility of texts and particularly the admissibility of amendments, especially last-minute amendments.
Mr President, we are examining two reports, one on traceability and labelling of food and feed products produced from genetically modified organisms and the other on genetically modified food and feed.
in writing. - (PT) This debate was intended to clarify the essential issue of the moment, that is the reason for this situation of financial instability.
For all these fundamental reasons, and on the grounds of competence, the ELDR Group will abstain.
Baroness Ashton, it is up to you and your foreign policy ties with the Council to make these points count in the coming days, but also to avoid Europe's foreign policy being caught unawares again by the events that are changing the Mediterranean.
Equality before the law has long been a reality in all countries.
I should like, therefore, to ask those Members calling for others to vote against the Buitenweg report, or in any case the parts of it regarding the evaluation, to have another good think about what is really the best way now to solve the serious drugs problem together.
Immediate humanitarian help is one thing, but the demands upon us will certainly extend much beyond that.
We have to send them a strong message that we, as the lawmakers of Europe, want the European Union to function more efficiently and effectively.
Those who try to drive a wedge between the old Member States and the new ones imperil the concept of the EU being more than just a free trade area.
We extend a very warm welcome to the European Network of Ombudsmen and similar bodies, which take quite different forms from one Member State to another, and we have, for that reason, particularly highlighted their public information events.
I ask you to launch this instrument, to use it and to really make it a forum for the active dialogue that we need.
The joint debate is closed.
But the consequence is that this burden is simply placed on the shoulders of the consumers.
I welcome it and urge Member States in the Council to accept her proposals as a matter of urgency.
The Presidency is willing, but we are afraid that it will not be possible.
It represents a good balance between sanctions against those who are responsible for the serious violations of human rights and measures to support the population of Belarus.
Basically, they have decided to lose.
Our goal for the reform is a bottom-top approach.
I would like to clarify this in the light of one particular example: Mr Seppänen's speech.
Islam is not about the Danish Constitution.
In combustion it means, for example, that the emission standard must be just as strict as for other fuels.
Madam President, both the broad economic guidelines and the rapporteur's work once again reveal that a number of measures need to be taken by the Member States and by the European Union as a whole after EMU comes into effect.
In this regard, I must say that whatever efforts are made, among other things, to provide aid and to cooperate, resources will never be sufficient, but on the other hand, if we offer the private sector the right conditions in which to invest in Africa, its actions will have the same influence as on the development of the developed countries, such as France, the United States, Canada, Japan and others.
What is Europe saying in the face of the very real danger of the total annihilation of the Palestinian nation and the overwhelming tidal wave of the fundamentalist reaction that would follow?
on behalf of the ECR Group. - Madam President, sovereign debt spreads have widened dramatically over recent months for certain euro Member States, leading to much speculation in the markets about defaults, bail-outs and even the viability of certain Member States within the euro framework.
I do not support and cannot accept abuse of people, individuals or communities because of their religious beliefs.
Mr President, I echo the sentiments of the two previous speakers in wholeheartedly welcoming this motion unequivocally to condemn the appalling human rights record of the Taliban regime in Afghanistan, and in particular the persecution of Afghan women in the name of religion and culture.
Citizens must be able to play a part in the European Union not just through the European Parliament, but also through their social organizations.
Mr Titley's request to take the floor before our House was fully justified.
The gap between the salaries of equally qualified men and women is still huge, violence is continuing to increase, gender discrimination in terms of access to education, training and employment persists and it is still just as difficult for a woman to reconcile work and family life.
European citizenship is a product of reason, not of tradition.
The Syrian Government is drastically restricting freedom of speech, assembly and association of any kind.
No one pretends that it is perfect.
Therefore we had no scope to rewrite it to allow unapproved poison pill action.
That assimilation, that equality is the purpose of Directive 89/48, to which I have referred at various times this afternoon.
The crisis in Asia will have an impact on Europe.
It seems that this time used in 'sleeping the sleep of the just' with regard to this report has been of use for the parliamentary groups to consider that, although it is absolutely necessary to amend the Rules of Procedure to remove this contradiction in Rule 170, doubts still remain about the need to once again standardise the constitutional procedures of the three bodies in this Parliament that I mentioned at the start of my speech.
With this in mind, I think that if we take environmental effects into account in the tax rate we will be moving in the right direction.
Unfortunately, however, that is only partly true. Does the Commission think that the cost of European labour will be able to compete with the cost of labour in the emerging countries?
Education must be designed to reach out and capture people's attention, to address tailored messages to specific target groups in their own vernacular.
Therefore, before committing ourselves to a Community immigration policy, let us start by establishing a Community security policy.
Many people the world over are asking whether there can be any greater degeneracy and bestiality than the murder of a child in its mother’s womb.
It represents a grave danger for stability and perhaps even for democracy in that country.
As long ago as 23 October, this House stated its view that China should withdraw the rockets it had stationed in the coastal provinces opposite Taiwan and should commence peaceful dialogue across the Strait of Taiwan, which amounts to a flash point.
Mr Papastamkos rightly points out that 77% of Indian goods come into the EU market duty-free through the GSP.
Including air transport in the emission quota exchange system is a major step.
This applies to ideas associated with the third pillar: some things which play a part in foreign relations indicate that deparliamentarization may result from the initiatives by specialized ministries in various national capitals.
It also underlines the fact that Parliament is far from being a spent political force.
That is the way to win their confidence, the citizens' confidence, and to bring to our citizens what is required of us.
This is yet another of the pieces of legislation in the so-called economic governance package.
Libel and slander would not fall into this category either - no indictable offence which is punishable by a sentence of up to three years.
The German MEPs found that many Netherlands, Spanish and Italian colleagues gradually came to support their strategy of rejection.
Without a social dimension, the European project is doomed to failure.
Today the Danish Social Democrats voted for the Eisma report.
We are moving over to policy making in a new context.
Where was his loyal cooperation?
We shall now resume voting time.
Mr President, if I had to describe the summit which took place in my beloved Florence in a few words, I would have to say Florence was two steps backwards and certainly not a good summit, President Santer.
Therefore, the EU representatives should insist first of all on providing legal security for foreign companies in China.
Vice-President of the Commission. - (IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the answer is certainly yes.
No one should lay the blame on the new Member States, or on the 150 Polish plumbers working in France, who are in any case unable to meet the current demand for plumbing services in that country.
If the problem is damage to our beef markets and to consumer confidence, is the solution not to take the toughest measures to restore that consumer confidence?
At a time when so many questions are being asked about the operation, the direction and the future of the EU, this would have done the Commission's authority and parliamentary democracy no harm at all.
I see it as crucial that there are no winners and no losers in this discussion.
I have always respected him for this attitude, in spite of our conflicting political beliefs.
The entry of new Member States to Schengen on 23 December 2007 was a great event for the citizens of those states.
Their joyfulness is tempered only by the continuation of the bitter legacy of Saddam.
That was why the Commission tabled alternative proposals for improving the legal protection of employees who use exceptions, thus weakening their use in practical terms.
We are Haiders when, in Rome, parties of the right-wing opposition and the new centre incite the people to hatred and prevent the authorities from accommodating the Roma safely in places with running water and electricity.
We held stimulating debates, which were a great source of inspiration to me at the time.
Has it any influence, or is the EU trying to maintain the aid it is at present able to give to the development of Palestinian society?
One specific question was about Turkey and Montenegro.
One last word. I welcome inclusion of the public services in the Treaty while regretting nevertheless, at this stage, that they remain under the competition heading.
As for the outside world, Europe should establish itself as a strong global actor.
The first responsibility of the present Commission is, therefore, to connect with citizens.
It is in keeping with the compromise reached and the expressed opinion of the Commission and Council.
I should also like to remind you of the indispensable contribution of the Court of Auditors to Parliament's monitoring process.
We see a situation where people are used to the fact that on average in Europe, I think it is only 14% of the income that is spent on food, and this has been decreasing as well over the whole period.
As the Asian and Russian crises reveal the Commission's excessive confidence in international markets this option appears increasingly viable.
Under existing Treaty powers, all Member States must agree to laws in the area of anti-discrimination.
Bringing the EU and Ukraine together is a long and difficult process.
I voted for this report on the proposal for a regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing transitional arrangements for bilateral investment agreements between Member States and third countries.
Data on deglaciation is very contradictory at present, however, because the thickness of the ice in core areas of Greenland and the Antarctic is actually increasing.
In conclusion, I can tell you that in order to set practical work in motion, the so-called 'Article 29 Working Party', of which all those involved in this work are aware, and which is a Working Party responsible for coordinating data protection measures, is preparing a reasoned opinion on data protection in relation to search engines and service providers.
It is true, there have been several advances made, but yet again I must remind you, Commissioner, that the democratic clause, approved by Parliament three years ago now, has not yet been applied in trade agreements with all countries, as requested by Parliament.
To put it mildly, it is embarrassing that now, in the final stages of the negotiations, some countries are prepared to assume the enormous political responsibility of jeopardising the agreement and thus the whole credibility of the European Union in the eyes of the third world.
From the point of view of competition law, what is the Commission's view regarding the FIA's decision to leave it to the teams to decide whether to race or refuse to take part in races at tracks in Member States because of a law banning tobacco advertising during sporting events, in the light of the case law of the Court of Justice and the positions of the European Council, Commission and Parliament on sport?
This will not harm anyone, does not represent aggressive behaviour towards anyone and, at the same time, will lead to the introduction of the European perspective and of stability in countries of this kind.
That brings me to Kosovo, where ethnically motivated violence still dominates everyday life.
There is a huge amount of talk about the knowledge-based society, but I wonder whether this concept has not just become a sound bite which goes down well in the media.
This agreement makes the entry into force of the directive dependent upon the application of equivalent measures by Switzerland as well as by a number of other countries and dependent territories.
There is a simple, theoretical and fairly vague answer to this question, which is that an asymmetric shock is a shock in supply or demand affecting a specific part or sector of an economic zone in a different way to the other parts or sectors.
Certain points of the report, such as adjusting education systems and vocational education and training (VET) to the needs of business, clearly serve the needs of the market, not of the citizens of Europe.
As Chairwoman of the Delegation for relations with the countries of South-East Europe, and on behalf of all those who have no opportunity to speak today, I would like to express my warm thanks to the two Commissioners.
This is nothing more than an attempt on the part of the regime to gain the support of opposition Members of Parliament.
There are also two long-term objectives which I have mentioned in my report, and which I want to drawn your attention to.
The Community tradition is that once something has started it must be continued forever.
I hope the Member States will take pains to implement its provisions as quickly as possible and correctly.
Now it is crucially important that all the national parliaments finalise their decisions soon.
Greek workers are demonstrating against the measures taken by the government, workers who neither work less nor are paid more than their counterparts; you can see the data for yourselves.
The European Patent Office is at present deliberating over an application to patent these breast cancer genes.
In the United Kingdom we had assurances from scientists for many many years who said there was no risk to human health and then that was overturned very suddenly.
Let me first of all thank you for the kind reaction from Parliament.
I know the European Parliament voted for you, but you were the only candidate that was offered to us.
Let me say on another matter, in defence of Mr Wilson, the Minister of the Environment in Northern Ireland, that I am glad he does not fit the stereotype that unthinking climate-change hysterics expect in this House.
Mr President, to term these on-going brutalities in Sierra Leone as bestial is an insult to animals.
I would like to summarise the situation very briefly.
In fact, we in the 'banana' panel have observed that the very principle of preferential agreements with ACP countries, with whom may I remind you the Member States have close and specific traditional relationships, is being damaged, and may even be destroyed by the WTO.
There is no possibility of 'proportionality' and 'reciprocity' in the case of bulk data storage and transfer, since it involves a series of uncontrollable dangers, specifically relating to who has access, how the data are used and for what purpose.
The Greek Presidency is being given an historic opportunity here.
I hope you will understand that I can support very few, because they no longer follow, in fact, they abandon the line which I presented in the Committee on Budgets and which was adopted by a majority in the committee.
For that we must set up consultative arrangements and the possibility to take incentive measures.
We should strive for a coordinated and strong approach.
First of all, there is an impact assessment - it was done for Basel - but it is so cloaked in confidentiality that we cannot see it.
Let us make sure, Madam President, that we do not lose any more.
In order to further the stated objective, the EU has a responsibility to assist in the development of an all-Ireland economy as a step towards Irish reunification.
Because, in Europe, we traditionally base our legal system on cast-iron legal certainties, introducing new rules to the maritime sector means again giving European citizens rules, rules that they can respect, rules that can improve conditions in the transport system; better conditions for this important sector that affects our seas.
Mr Dariusz Rosati
Wine is a European cultural asset which is legally manufactured in most Member States of the EU and which can be sold and consumed in all Member States.
Mr Wohlfart, I do not think that members of this House wish to make things difficult, but sometimes things are difficult and perhaps this is a difficult issue.
At present there is no legal instrument at European level for flood risk protection.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Commissioner Vitorino, it is cause for amazement that an institution such as the Commission should commit itself to the open coordination method.
This is a shame, because the debate is very important.
If all these things – youth, culture, audiovisuals, media, and films – end up in a single package, my fear is that young people will end up paying the bill and losing out.
President-in-Office. - (SL) The case referred to in Mr Mitchell's question is the case of a woman of British citizenship who was in a third country and came under the jurisdiction of the national legislation of that country.
I refer of course to the United States and to the European Union.
That is why the Group of the European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party supports the request by the rapporteur for binding legislation towards the end of next year on blood products, donated blood and blood plasma.
- Mr President, the crisis we are dealing with is not a crisis in the system but a crisis of the system; an economic system crisis and a crisis of democracy as well.
I have therefore voted against the report.
We as Conservatives believe in choice and, with choice, flexibility for women and subsequently equality.
Traditional energy policy is on a crash course.
Mrs Peijs requests the floor.
This government is practising what it preached in opposition and has determinedly opened a new chapter in its relationship with the rest of the European Union.
The European Commission backed the talks held by the World Commission on the Social Dimension of Globalisation, which was established by the International Labour Organisation.
I therefore consider it necessary to strengthen individual programmes at the Member State level, and also to boost the resources of the EU and the European Investment Bank focused on innovative financial instruments.
As for the rapporteur's recommendation that the current minimum level of 0.45% of Community gross domestic product continue to be dedicated to the Structural Funds in the next period, the only problem is that this figure is clearly not enough to ensure economic and social cohesion, especially given the fact that enlargement will embrace countries whose per capita income is, on average, about 40% of EU levels.
The Committee on Women's Rights is completely behind these new approaches.
We must ensure that we can help our colleagues in the Danish Government withstand the pressure they are being put under by voices in the media to go back on their present position.
This is not a democratic opposition.
I think that this dialogue regarding the victims of the various terrorist crimes is a matter that needs to be dealt with in the future, but in any case, there is an in-depth dialogue ongoing with the United States on this issue.
He is absolutely right too.
However, these changes should not pose a threat to the toy manufacturers' position in the European market.
In this fairly uninspiring context, we do, in any case, welcome the fact that the decisions taken at Brussels will allow the Union to present its negotiating position to the candidate countries on time.
But that does not mean you are entering into a more productive dialogue with us. And it does not mean, above all in areas where we have delegated our legislative competence, that we have a right of call-back, because we are after all surrendering some of our competence and so we want something in return.
This is the only way to have a stable and secure platform for our energy relationship.
I know that Europe has no jurisdiction over this area - the issuing of passports is a national prerogative - and that is why I was very happy when Commissioner Barrot agreed to having the European Commission collaborate in this study on breeder documents.
Of course, last September’s decision was only a decision of principle, and it took difficult negotiations to breathe life into this Human Rights Council.
We should do all we can to ensure that economic cooperation, security, energy security, respect for the principles of human rights and democracy become a positive and constructive feature of our relationship.
Of course the European Parliament cannot wave a magic wand and bring this conflict to an end, but I assure you that it will put human rights at the heart of the review of Israel's status, which will be debated throughout this year.
In other words, the Treaties of Accession, ratified by the ten countries that are to join the European Union on 1 May 2004, may be amended in the agricultural sphere by decisions made by the Fifteen.
I have nothing to add on the matter.
The rapporteur mentions the figure of 100 million women in the EU who have suffered from violence from men.
On the basis of these provisions, Germany, France and Sweden, in particular, have approved tax derogations that may go as far as complete tax exemptions.
One element is the stepping up of pressure on Turkey which now openly admits to using public funds to help destabilize Cyprus.
I come from a region in the United Kingdom with the highest density of pigs.
The European Union has called for his release on several occasions and I today hope the Iranian authorities will now consider this as a priority.
The Common Foreign and Security Policy is also chronically under-funded.
At the same time, the Treaty on European Union clearly establishes an active role for EU citizens, for example, with the European Citizens' Initiative (ECI).
I do not intend to fail to present anything and leave outstanding issues for my successor just because I am leaving.
Mr President, I welcome this opportunity to debate the third pan-European conference on transport.
We still do not know what went wrong to cause the wreck off the Galician coast, but the fact that it could happen is, in itself, proof enough that further action is required.
The majority of the committee does not support the view that this directive should deal only with refugee status and that subsidiary protection could be dealt with at a later stage.
However, there is hardly any other Parliament which would have voted that number of amendments to a report.
Public information is another good idea.
Yet even more importantly, ultimately, when we return from Nagoya, this has to be translated into European policy.
The plan of action that he presented to us needs some commentary, and I would like, in the first instance, to deal with the continuing failure to sort out the issue of communication between the administration and the Commission – by which I mean the Commissioners, even though I can see how many measures already exist on paper; the September 1999 code of conduct, the ‘Charter for Delegated Authorising Officers’ of December 2000, and so on. I do believe that what we need in this area is not new rules, but the application of the ones that already exist, and that is what I want to press for.
In my view, the confirmed, fundamental right of the European citizen to submit a petition and the real entitlement to direct participation and influence via the bringing of life's experiences to the European Union's attention for the purpose of achieving change are two hugely important pillars.
That is why we have been so active in working at the United Nations on small arms and we must make use of the Community's competences, when we can, and with the Member States deal effectively with the illicit diamond and with other illicit trades which have caused so much suffering and impoverishment in Africa in particular, but in other countries as well.
Thank you again for taking part in this debate and my special thanks to the rapporteur.
Therefore, any requirements which you impose on EU producers should also apply to third country producers who wish to enter our market.
The response from the Committee on Women's Rights has been somewhat timid.
There is no prejudice.
Those warm meetings did not, however, prevent the devastation of Lebanon.
the militarisation of international relations and internal security on the basis of the aforementioned fight against terrorism;
Why is the European Parliament debating this issue as a case of human rights violation as a matter of urgency?
Only, seven years later, the same obstacles are still there.
This attitude does nothing for our credibility.
In the same way, while it is legitimate to aim to eliminate special tax arrangements and convert them into regional aid, it should not be forgotten that countries such as Ireland benefited a great deal from them until recently and that as the economic level of the Eastern regions concerned is particularly low, it will not be possible to create viable companies straight away.
All those involved should be aware of their rights and obligations regarding a common solution to this task.
The Commission proposals as they stand now, if implemented in their entirety, would have the following detrimental effects on Irish agriculture.
   . – Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, the citizens of EU Member States are often taken aback by the large numbers of fatalities in road accidents.
I encourage others to support similar campaigns in their Member States.
Please stop asking the offices of Heads of Government to disturb us.
We will ask everyone to endorse, with clear and transparent responsibility, a complete constituent draft which, I repeat, must be high and noble.
I think it is safe to say that the current results cannot be regarded as a success.
Finally, the appropriate procedures should be used so that such people are no longer stigmatised as suspects or as dangerous.
We know that Presidencies on their own do not resolve all the problems that arise, but we also know that we can make a difference if we adopt clear objectives, if we are humble in the way we pursue them and if we demonstrate the will to reach the necessary consensus.
In contrast to the rapporteur, we Swedish Conservatives do not believe that the European Parliament should evaluate, and take decisions on approving, individual food additives, for example on the basis of details such as the risks posed by individual food additives to people with allergies.
The internal audit procedures of the agencies also need urgent improvement and I support the possibility of having a common disciplinary board for all the agencies.
The June List is firmly opposed to this report.
Not long ago, we welcomed to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy people who had recently written a report showing where the obstacles lie, obstacles to modernisation and democratisation recognised by the Arab countries themselves.
The reason for this was that preparation work for the Intergovernmental Conference had already commenced and more and more people were beginning to realise the need for a radical overhaul of the total cooperation on Justice and Home Affairs, in other words, the cooperation within the Third Pillar.
It is important that the need for action has been recognised by the Commission, Parliament and Council and that we are about to propose sustaining jobs, growth and solidarity as one of the interinstitutional communication priorities for next year.
In Romania, for example, there are more than 400 companies involved in producing car components, which achieved a total turnover in 2008 of EUR 8 billion.
My Group remains opposed to the system.
Sustainable development is an over-arching objective of the Union.
Others recall the controversial parliamentary speech of President Klaus.
Equally, the Union must demand transparency in the voting process and reject secret ballots, a practice that really exists, especially when it comes to listing species in annexes.
They are the focus for a community of Member States.
That, though, is how things are these days.
I also wanted to mark my full agreement with the review of the fundamental aims of the CAP, the relevance of which the report reaffirms: ‘to promote a territorial approach to agriculture capable of preserving as many farms and jobs as possible throughout the EU’ and ‘to ensure a fair standard of living for the agricultural community and stabilise incomes with a view to maintaining farming activity throughout the European Union’.
The issue, as many of you will probably know, concerns the conformity of two reference circulars, one adopted in 2000 and the other in 2004, regarding the issue of visas and the circulars on specific subjects implementing the two reference circulars.
I want to start by discussing my own report.
This, more than anything, is what I ask of the Commission; that it be capable of taking risks and that it set out the most adventurous, most daring and most incisive lines of action.
I call, on behalf of my political group and as a member of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safetyfor the Commission to apply the 'polluter pays' principle at long last, not only to those who owned the vessel but also to those who owned the product, the cargo, and to everyone else involved in this saga.
These links will certainly lead to full integration of the European and North African gas systems, especially with the opening of the new North-South trading axis, providing enormous potential for future cooperation.
They must also be able to identify who bears responsibility for political decisions and who does not.
Cohesion is the other face of the single market and monetary union. In that context, and in the context of enlargement, economic and social cohesion will be needed more than ever, and rightly so.
Amendments Nos 189 to 193 on the wetlands are designed to maintain a buffer water capacity which is essential in order to prevent floods and drought.
There should be a system of unbundling for energy producers, making them system operators independent of the owners of energy networks.
The European Council, however, must also deal with current economic and financial issues, as we all know that the crisis is not completely behind us yet.
Secondly, the legislative framework implementing the integrated approach will be the central pillar of our revised strategy, but it is not the only one.
Madam President-in-Office of the Council, make sure that Ghent is used to strengthen the EU' s ability to promote the open society.
Therefore the question is: what does the Commission intend to do about it?
Instead of supposedly protecting responsible citizens from the risks of competition, I believe the EU - and its Member States of course - should give our citizens the scope to take responsibility for their own actions in competitive markets.
By stressing these aspects we seek to make a clear case for the existence of a strong regional policy as an essential tool for the reduction of disparities and the promotion of real, as opposed to nominal, convergence in the poorest regions of the European Union.
We are in great danger of over-regulating ourselves out of the market.
Ladies and gentlemen, please do be a bit sensible.
Mr President, may I offer you my congratulations and best wishes; I know that you will continue to be as efficient as ever in the performance of your duties.
Whilst there, we witnessed the enormous efforts to overcome the consequences of a 25-year civil war.
Fifthly, as regards international financial aid or the cancellation of debt, there must be close cooperation between the partners involved.
Over the last few weeks, however, it has been possible to make significant progress on the necessary preliminary work which is intended to prepare the ground for the Berlin summit.
Combating crime and protecting law and order falls essentially within the competence of the Member States.
Where is the real Europe so much publicized by you as the sole remedy for the great evils that afflict the European nations, starting with unemployment and organized crime?
(The sitting was adjourned at 7.15 p.m. and resumed at 9 p.m.)
The second piece of good news is that the Polish people are exceptionally strong in their support of the European project.
On the contrary, Jewish people have lived side by side with Estonians as one family for centuries.
Let us go out and publicise the fact that the health card is a benefit that makes free movement, as set out in the Treaties, something of a reality.
Since the budget will become European Union operational on 1 January, will the budget for the Satellite Centre be part of the European security and defence budget, which the Council will put forward and which Parliament can debate and amend, as necessary?
Mr President, today we are discussing the last reports by this House on Bulgaria and Romania.
Mr President, on 3 December, the Commission approved a communication on the measures to be taken as a result of the accident involving the oil tanker Prestige.
Just as it is clear that we can be grateful to the soldiers who will do their duty in this difficult region, it is also clear that we as politicians must finally create a Common Foreign and Security Policy, one which proves to be worthy of the name when things get really serious.
Since 1996 no cases of BSE in the eligible age group - that is 6 months to 30 months - have been discovered.
People are right to be concerned.
Thirdly, I would like to highlight the need to ensure real transparency and non-discrimination in relation to public procurement in Iraq.
It means there will have to be consultations pursuant to Article 96 of the Cotonou Agreement, which may lead to appropriate measures being taken to rectify the situation, including as a last resort suspension of development cooperation.
We also emphasise that we would like a common method to be used so that it will be possible to compare results from different sources.
As far as the institutional debate is concerned, some people clearly find it a problem that I described the cold hard reality of institutional agreements.
I consider it important to create effective methods and mechanisms, which include information, assistance via a hotline, immediate action, prevention, the creation of a database of experience and best practice, as well as ongoing monitoring.
Now, this appalling situation has been brought about by a combination of issues involving the strength of sterling, the gold-plating of welfare and hygiene standards, which have been imposed on the industry by the UK Government, and the extra costs arising out of the BSE crisis.
Will the Commission ask the Council for a mandate to negotiate with the US not only about open skys, but also about cleaner skies?
I am convinced that in this sector, namely the spare parts sector, the situation to date in countries where the original producer's copyright restrictions applied was de facto economic restriction.
On the other hand, there are the fears and the pessimisms of the anti-Europeans, who seem to think that we have already built not just a federal system, but a centralised superstate with everything being decided not just in this Parliament, but by the Commission.
That is the challenge that we could discuss further here tonight.
Accountability of the Roma and their participation in the implementation of the projects which are set up by the European Union itself should be the norm.
The progress that has recently been made in negotiating a North-South framework agreement is an important step forward towards a peaceful transition.
I think that this House in particular and the Commission, and Europe in general, ran away from parts of bio-energy when we had the food price hikes of 2007 and 2008.
I was in Galicia ten days after the disaster.
Another issue that Parliament regards as extremely important, and that is also a priority for the Finnish Presidency, is energy, and, in this field, we must make ourselves quite clear, particularly with regard to relations with Russia.
Can I ask you what action the European Union has taken, or is in the process of taking, to assist the thousands of refugees that have fled Burma's northern Shan State into China as a result of August's violent clashes between the junta and ethnic minorities?
I draw your attention to paragraph 1(l) of the proposal for a recommendation on the partnership with Brazil and also to the communication from the Commission of September 2008 on multilingualism.
The compromise that has now been presented meets with my approval.
The WTO ruling gives neither, and that is why we have to confront it, and we definitely have to appeal.
There are, however, questions in the legislative programme to which we need answers.
(Parliament agreed to Mrs Oomen-Ruijten's proposal)
We were also informed at the time that this is not a question of isolated cases - and the Council has confirmed that today - but of organized criminal networks.
As Christian Democrats, we therefore support the principles behind Mr Skinner' s report, but we cannot accept the detailed regulation at EU level which is the result.
We can see who the target groups are, from women to young people with problems to the elderly, those who are difficult to employ, and other disadvantaged workers.
If not, we shall be facing something of a crisis.
The Commission's proposal, which is to be welcomed, clearly sets out the aim to be attained: to coordinate social security systems with the prospect of enlargement in mind.
Fourthly, the strengthening of the social partners’ role through recognition of the significance of the social dialogue and trialogue.
A common foreign policy following new rules on qualified majority would be a basket with nothing in it.
As a mark of respect for those who died, I ask you to rise in a minute's silence.
What is our relationship to be?
The problem that we are trying to solve is of a social nature, but the solution proposed clearly has implications that go well beyond the social domain.
Moreover, the debates underway in the various international forums on cultural diversity clearly demonstrate that Europe is not alone.
They are simply part of normal business and we should not be perturbed by the amount of money involved.
High inflation, unemployment and rocketing food prices have put many people into an almost hopeless situation in recent months.
Such cooperation should also include the administrations of third countries. If necessary, European aid should be made conditional on strong government action against illegal immigration in those countries.
It follows that legal certainty is needed both as regards artificial optical radiation and that from a natural source.
This debate about the future of Europe must not be conducted only in the Member States, it must also be conducted in the countries of Central and Eastern Europe and in Cyprus and Malta.
This campaign, however, has met with only very limited success.
However, human rights are non-negotiable.
The problem is one of trust.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - Mr President, I would just like to inform you that the amendment to paragraph 8 by the GUE/NGL Group and the Verts/ALE Group has the same wording as in the resolution of September 2009.
There are still huge inequalities in the development of several areas, while the prospects for the poorer Member States are unpropitious.
As I said, there have been consultations within the anti-dumping advisory committee.
in writing. - I warmly welcome this report, which makes clear that EU trade policy must be about more than trying to achieve maximum economic advantage.
The important thing, then, is to have systematic recourse to testing whenever an animal dies of unknown causes.
3.
B5-0215/2003 by Mr Cashman and others, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on human rights violations in Egypt;
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, let me just make a few remarks, and one in particular: I think this debate has shown that there is a growing acceptance of the approach Europe follows in crisis management and conflict prevention.
The complex Community regulations must be simplified.
By accepting this package the EU will send a positive signal to our rural society.
On the contrary, we need the Mediterranean strategy and perhaps the Middle East strategy, or perhaps a rethink on coexistence beyond the Mediterranean, and of course the top priority and something that needs to be done very quickly is the adaptation and preparation of, and support for, elections.
What has been lacking is greater transparency and a minimum degree of respect for small-holders and public participation in all processes.
This considerable backlog must be at the forefront of our minds as we prepare the budget for 2000.
Member of the Commission. - Madam President, I shall give a short reaction to Ms Andreasen - who is already absent - on the principle of budget neutrality.
I do not know whether or not the author is among us but I hope not.
This is not an addition but a rewording, because the original proposal - which was a rather elegant, all-embracing one from the Commission - had to be changed because the issue of third-country nationals was dealt with some time ago in a separate proposal under the able rapporteurship of Mrs Oomen-Ruijten.
It is up to the relevant authorities of the Member States to take initiatives to concretise this opening of the European School System in their national schools.
The left-wing French Government is responsible for the abolition of the criminal register of sex offenders and is therefore responsible, in the logic of this arch-fascist, for child pornography.
There should also be support from European legislation, with a full ban and the simultaneous creation of a safety network for economically vulnerable countries such as Greece.
Once this draft has been approved, it should be possible to encourage the involvement of European industry in the financing of the later stages in the medium and long term.
Ladies and gentlemen, the Interinstitutional Agreement is something this House must maintain.
We Members, Mr President, are we not already European parliamentarians?
The first should be to the government of Macedonia.
However, I have to point out, and the resolution itself admits it, that 'the signing of this Agreement has been delayed at Syria's request since October 2009'.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (CS) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, on behalf of the Czech Presidency, I would like to inform you about the Council's position regarding the completion of negotiations on the revision of the Working Time Directive.
And we must say as much, loud and clear, to the people of central Europe.
It can no longer pray in aid of the misdemeanours of its predecessors.
If Europe fails to do enough towards easing the problems in Asia and Africa, an increasing number of people will take the risk of entering Europe using dilapidated dinghies and neglected ships.
Could I just finally pick up one of my favourite items.
We decided to accompany worshippers to church.
It is perhaps the best punishment for this violent dictatorship and the best gift that you could give the elected president of Burma, Mrs Aung San Suu Kyi.
What is more, sheep and goats play a beneficial role in protecting the environment.
We now move on to vodka.
My opinion is that the European Union should provide much more support for the development of Belarusian civil society, the concept of democracy and human and citizens' rights than it has hitherto provided.
The Union's Foreign Ministers agreed at the General Affairs Council meeting on 23 February to renew the European Community aid package to the Palestinians beyond its expiry at the end of this year.
We are dealing with the Protocol on Denmark, Article 5, paragraph 2, and I gather from the Commissioner' s answer that any rules regarding the carrying of certificates must be adopted unanimously and that if no agreement is reached, that is if Denmark takes up another position, then the parties must enter into negotiations.
The same applies to its attitude towards Tibet and respect for an equally ancient culture.
It would be managed by the Commission, assisted by a committee of Member State representatives.
Mr President, given that, as an eminent lawyer and a Member of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights, this is a subject with which you are familiar, I hope that you at least will be able to follow me.
We have to consider whether that view is correct.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, at first sight, they appear to be very different subjects: competition policy, support for small and medium-sized enterprises, the promotion of employment, relocation, the internal market.
I should like, for a moment, to dwell upon the rural policy regulation.
As a result, cross-border railways are having to rely increasingly on privatisation plans and major investments in the high-speed network.
We are all familiar with thrillers where the psychologist is called in to draw up a criminal profile of the murder suspect; and if a witness gives a clear description, a profile - of a bank robber, let us say: white, male and 30 - it would be nonsense to arrest someone who was Asian, female and about 50.
The problem is that we are moving in reverse.
It surprises us, especially in the light of the fact that, at the start of his term of office, Commission President Barroso styled himself a champion of civil rights.
It is a priority of our presidency to try to make progress.
I also agree with what is said in Mrs Wallis’s introduction on the importance of the Hague Conference and of the work done over the past few years.
That is the responsibility of the Member States and that is how things should remain in future.
The model for reconciliation which Europe has represented and must continue to represent for the Middle East is an excellent thing.
We must make sure that we do not get overtaken by events.
After all, we do not want 'more Europe' but rather a Europe that focuses on its core tasks.
(DE) Madam President, the extreme security precautions in response to the threat of terrorism are more and more frequently the cause of extreme delays, and such security measures do, of course, also cost a great deal of money.
The Commission therefore decided on 8 May 2001 to take France to court for failing to transpose the directive.
in writing. - (DE) We saved the banks, because we had to.
(PL) Mr President, I would like to thank Mrs Striffler for raising this matter at today's sitting, and Mrs Georgieva and Mr Piebalgs for their statements.
   Ladies and gentlemen, we will now return to voting time.
In order to do this, the number of debt restructuring operations that favour the education and primary health care sectors should be dramatically increased, along the lines of the 'debt-reducing and development contracts' (C2D) implemented by France.
They are not yet exactly out of danger, but at least we have, by holding this debate, made our contribution.
This is an illustration of the wholly high-handed way in which Mr Lukashenko operates, and also a demonstration of the absence of any intention on his part to hand over power by way of the election process.
I think I know the reason why - because he is knackered or should I say 'physically exhausted' following a football match this afternoon between British Labour Members and British Conservative Members which the Labour Members won by 7 goals to 1.
Where State aid in particular is concerned, I believe that we need to prioritise two areas of action.
It is crucial that we support sustainable development with more people in work and a better economy.
Mr President, I wish to make four points in connection with this report. Firstly, I feel that the fact that this report has been produced is a very positive thing.
Unfortunately, this is not the first time that Madam President has shown this inadmissible behaviour towards me.
(The oral amendment was accepted.)
In general I might say that Mr Lange' s deep commitment to the issues in this area has been held in high regard in the Commission.
We also plan discussion of the competitiveness agenda.
Indeed, its reluctance to allow the director of the institute to be answerable solely to the management board and not to the Commission is very revealing in that regard.
Our task is to close the gap between the high burden placed on the labour factor on one hand and the lower burden placed upon consumption, capital and energy on the other.
The summit at the end of this month will give us the opportunity - which we should grasp - to begin building that new future.
We are cheered by your commitment to start the negotiating stage of the IGC as soon as possible. There is a widespread conviction that unless the problem of the Union's democratic deficit is confronted and resolved, it will not be possible for the planned enlargements to take place and it will not be possible to give the European Union the desired impetus.
One very simple outcome, as I see it – and you do not have to be clairvoyant here – is that the Court could rule that a wall built on the 1967 borders recognised by the UN might not be to our liking, but would be in accordance with international law.
Finally, as for the matching clause, this too has been the subject of previous discussions.
The truth of the matter is that he had denounced the terror tactics employed in areas where the opposition had a majority, tactics which took the form of rapes and other crimes, including the murder of opponents.
In other words, we had all the time in the world, and we wanted to take this opportunity to issue another urgent reminder of the importance of the revenue side in the compilation of the budget, to re-emphasise that revenue is the key to our prospects of funding our European policies.
The economic crisis has made it clear that the single currency needs real European economic governance and, for the first time, significant and innovative steps are being taken in this direction.
I took part in the opening of the EOC office in Brussels, which is very close to Rond Point Schuman and to the Commission, Council and Parliament.
In my view, an obligation for all Members who cannot find any groups to join, to take part in a mixed group based on a Spanish model, is complete madness.
It is only because Parliament stood together as one, despite attempts by certain people to divide Members and to have us at each other's throats, that we succeeded in producing this.
I have every sympathy for European Parliament's desire to do exactly the same.
Mrs Ferreira's report raises this issue.
A number of paragraphs in the resolution are addressed to the three institutions and I, personally, fully endorse the text.
So, we need to understand what is useful and whether it is worthwhile continuing along this route.
I shall refer to the proposed amendments in my second intervention at the end of the debate, following the Members' comments.
This special system was defined within the framework of a regulation adopted in 1994, which formally expired on 28 February 1996.
On the one hand, the Commission is taking a step backwards with regard to previous legislation; in other words, when faced with non-compliance with previous legislation, the Commission prefers to stop talking about a marketing ban.
As we are engaged in a bilateral negotiation with India to create a new bilateral treaty between the EU and India, do you think this is a subject we could include in that treaty and that we could go beyond our current commitments under CITES to help with education, training, conservation - the sort of measures that Baroness Ludford was talking about?
This is a divine law and a law of nature.
In this context I am especially interested to know whether implementing the Schengen standards and securing our safety will hinder cooperation between our police forces and the police forces within the Balkan countries.
However, I would also like to thank the Commission, which has worked with much vigour on this directive, which has overcome the opposition in the Member States and which has tried constructively to help Parliament to find a way through the tangled undergrowth of public procurement law.
We are waiting for the country to complete the process of adopting our cultural values.
I confess that, having seen the product issued to us by the Committee of Independent Experts, my initial doubts remain with regard to whether its appointment did not basically illustrate a certain recognition of the inability of our own systems of control and political orientation.
During the past few weeks, we have witnessed severe violations of human rights in Libya and Egypt, particularly affecting women.
It cannot make sense to have a policy of increasing our prosperity while making poor people poorer.
Later there was much more thoughtfulness and a more considered response.
However, in the meantime, I was informed that most of the people who had taken part in this debate in my committee, and who I hoped would be able to speak before the House, had unfortunately sent their apologies as they were unable to take part in the debate.
External economic defence is a prerequisite for any CFSP.
Orlando Zapata Tamayo, arrested in 2003 with a group of 75 other dissidents during a crackdown on opposition groups carried out by the authorities, died following a two-month hunger strike in a Cuban prison.
I would like to reiterate my hope that we will be able to adopt this report tomorrow and thus get the Convention off to a good start .
in writing. - (PT) The Convention on Cluster Munitions (CCM) adopted by 107 countries in 2008 will be open for signature as from 3 December and will enter into force once 30 ratifications have been secured.
As for the dual legal basis, it would, in fact, have been much easier and simpler had we had a single legal basis, but we well know the problem that arises so often: here we have, if I remember rightly, Article 133 with Article 175, while in most other cases we have Article 95 with Article 175.
All of this means that the citizens of Europe aspire to having the same quality of bathing water, regardless of the country or location they are swimming in.
The Stockholm Programme aims to safeguard the fundamental rights of citizens in an area of freedom, security and justice.
Amendments 18 and 107 suggest that this would have a very negative impact on travel companies in northern Finland, for example.
The Commission's proposals have been drafted in the light of both these evaluations and this criticism.
Of course, the conclusion of a new agreement that satisfies both arms of the budgetary authority will form an integral part of Agenda 2000.
Instead we have seen bitter and tragic civil war between warring factions, Islamic militia and factions controlled by rival war lords.
There cannot be a more graphic example of why the international community needs to do more to enforce its will and its values in this area.
It is now for the Commission to assess this call fully.
It can be easily measured using data from only a few take-offs.
Mr President, as Mr Perry has been so kind as to mention my name, may I advise him that, if he is to follow and adopt my principles in these matters, he may wish to go further.
At the same time, few countries have the structures or institutional framework needed to allow young people to play a specific and fundamental role in society.
For some time Mrs Larive has steered the opinion of Parliament in this area on liberal economic principles and the fact that there is a lack of amendments to her report testifies to the hard work she has done and the support she has received.
Thank you and I hope that this debate would result into firm and concrete decisions to improve the European policies on Roma.
Mr President, as colleagues know, today across Europe there is popular discontent with regard to Europe's apparent disconnection from ordinary life.
We must provide significant support to such steps, as well as, undoubtedly, the independence and protection of the judiciary in complex cases concerning blasphemy.
If it proves its worth, we will then agree to an extension.
In Category 2, it must be possible, by reforming the nomenclature of certain funds, for expenditure to be managed not according to the distribution of administrative services, but according to the objectives of the Structural Funds. We therefore call for the nomenclature to be reformed accordingly.
More and more politicians and experts who know the area are convinced that the stirring up of inter-ethnic tension, the beatings of Hungarians, the harassment and the robberies, the public burning of the Hungarian flag, and the desecration of graves in cemeteries are largely perpetrated by the Serbian and Montenegrin Government.
I think it would be wise for Parliament to look into this further and to find a solution, and the negotiations, the contacts between Macedonia and Greece, are important in the coming days.
The Italian situation is one example: our Italian citizens had to suffer humiliation and dissatisfaction on the part of the other Member States just because our government attempted, without success, to make the scope of the European Convention subject to certain conditions, excluding from it certain offences which are of great importance to our Prime Minister, who - by pure chance, as the State attorney for Milan, Francesco Saverio Borelli, would say - happens to be on trial in Italy for precisely these offences.
In other words, in the context of this Seventh Framework Programme we are facing an attempt to commercialise research, to the detriment of public research.
Neither adults nor children must be allowed to fall through the net of this responsibility.
Have the different national standards, for example Italy's, been taken into account?
Then we had a promise from Mrs Bonino that there would be a green paper on financial services because some people in the European Commission, notably Mrs Bonino, realized that something would have to be done.
I think that we have a package that we can take back to the citizen, that we are moving the 3G sector a long way forward again and that we have a good answer as far as the knowledge economy is concerned because, in this way, we can move Lisbon another step forward.
We must increase its human, material and financial resources, and we must ensure that it can provide greater support to Operation Hermes and Operation Poseidon.
However, for the general reasons stated, I voted in favour of the joint motion for a resolution.
That is not an import ban.
I should also like to emphasise two aspects of the present situation.
Lastly, I should like to express my gratitude for all the help I received in drawing up this report, and I trust that the Commission and the Council will take due heed of Parliament’s proposals.
We, the European Christian Democrats, want to make our contribution to making the euro into the most important and most stable currency in the world, next to the dollar.
(The sitting was opened at 9.05 a.m.)
I count on the continued support of this House to ensure that action at European and national level delivers on the objectives we have set ourselves.
Of the 15 old EU Member States, Greece, Spain, Portugal and Ireland have received support every single year since they became members.
We voted against the original texts in Paragraph 1(a) and 1(b) as we feel strongly that there is no role for the European Parliament in promoting any projects which encourage the production of opium in Afghanistan.
In particular, I would like to thank Mr Nassauer and Mr Sacconi for having managed this difficult dossier really well.
I believe that the reservations of certain European countries towards the position of the Austrian Freedom Party are motivated by this experience and that this response will be consistent, irrespective of who might be affected by it.
We therefore need to reassess and improve relations between the European Union and ΝΑΤΟ in order to address common threats, such as terrorism, the spread of weapons of mass destruction, the increase in international piracy and the new problems caused by climate change.
In my opinion, this directive should be viewed in the light of the important work on a general maternity directive being carried out by the Committee on Women's Rights and Gender Equality.
Of course, I am not underestimating the issue of the graves that we are discussing here, although the number of victims is probably considerably smaller there.
The first issue to form part of all Union policy is equality between women and men, and the second is public health.
It must support efforts to nurture fragile economic recovery and to generate growth and jobs, and has to play a leading role in tackling energy security and climate change.
You are increasingly at the heart of the greater Europe.
This is so much the case that, in dealing with unemployment, the van Velzen report says not a word about the reduction of working hours, and this at the very time when two governments of the European Union have just decided to move towards a 35-hour working week in the next few years.
In this way everyone can easily see if the interests of their own country are being given due attention.
I am very grateful for the initiative by the Spanish Presidency - and this is a very Spanish event as far as I can see - in adopting this series of proposals and leading the way in this regard.
Does anybody in this House really believe that, if Jacques Delors were President of the Commission, we would be going at this snail's pace?
- Why is the autocratic government which existed in the former Yugoslavia one thing and the government of Israel, whose members talk officially about the murder of Arafat, another?
Anyone who uses them is evidently acting in violation of international humanitarian laws.
The Commission's role as initiative-taker is also clearly upheld; unfortunately, the plan is to reduce the number of commissioners, so as to arrive at a smaller college.
What is important, however, is the message that Europe as a whole and Parliament will no longer stand for its violence.
   . I welcome the Commission’s drive to simplify legislation.
The Commission largely agrees with the spirit of the following amendments but finds them factually flawed or out of context and therefore cannot accept them: Nos 2, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 12, 15, 22, 47, 59 and 66.
Whether you like it or not, the ECB' s objective is price stability.
Apart from a few rare exceptions - and we have endeavoured to limit these as much as was politically possible - the entire body of European law or framework law must be voted on by you, otherwise it will be rejected.
(PT) Madam President, in a debate regarding the economic situation of certain member countries of the euro area, the remedy is clear: we need more economic and monetary union, we need better competitiveness, and we need better solidarity.
Nothing has happened!
Next, I should like to raise the issue of migrants and refugees.
This is unacceptable.
Mr Kohlíček, the only possible explanations for your extremely unfortunate comments tonight in this House are ignorance, bad faith or some immoral purpose.
I have to find the resources for opening an office in Benghazi.
Bearing this principle in mind, we shall make every effort to help the German and Portuguese Presidencies to preserve as much as possible of our ambition for union, while also taking the other side's arguments into account as much as possible.
With the Amsterdam Treaty, the situation improved decidedly when the number of committee procedures was drastically reduced - as the European Parliament had long wanted - to three procedures, the administrative procedure, the regulatory procedure and the advisory procedure.
Of course, account has to be taken of the sensitive nature of some parts of this industry, but greater competition will lead to considerable savings for the taxpayer.
The Union Treaty and all the legislation based on it must make it obligatory to take account of the territorial and institutional diversity existing within the Member States, including electoral laws, so that the regions with legislative powers can become electoral constituencies for the European Parliament.
The Rules of Procedure do not give me the authority to take this step.
As I believe it is impossible to achieve economic and social cohesion with this budget, I would like to ask the Commission whether it wants to abolish economic and social cohesion through future amendments to the Treaties.
A lot of data was published recently in an article by a renowned specialist. For example: the wind industry is growing by 25 % every year; in eight years, the world market in solar cells grew from $340 million to $900 million; and the big energy companies are moving more and more towards this sort of energy.
The United Nations Children's Fund recently published a study containing some alarming figures, including with regard to many European countries.
We are now in the run-up to Stockholm and if we do not do whatever is possible there, regardless of the cost - and many people are prepared to spend hundreds of millions on bailing out the banks, but are tight-fisted about the climate - if we do not act quickly and consistently, then what applies to me as a speaker now will also be true of the human race.
The right to enter, live and die in your own country are fundamental, sacrosanct rights and I hope that this Parliament will uphold them.
I therefore wonder what the Council's rationale was when it chose these individuals.
Finally, there is the problem of transport.
Waived institutions would therefore always be registered and monitored by the supervisory authorities.
We are therefore working towards harmonisation of the existing definitions.
Commissioner, I should like to ask you to try out an alternative route using an alternative strategy.
EFSA's opinion cites a study where out of 2 170 cattle receiving embryos only 106 live births occurred - 4.9% - and only 82 survived more than two days.
We obviously support the right of authors, artists, composers, performers, writers and journalists, etc., to make a reasonable living from their work.
The Commission is urged to block the funds until the conditions for free elections, worthy of the name, are met.
Our challenges in the area of energy policy and the answer to the problems of the future lie with innovation and with how we can start to exploit renewable energy sources and develop technology to save energy to a substantial degree.
That was all lacking in his case.
It does not highlight the relative progress that has been made towards the setting up of a democratic system, as represented by the adoption of the Sudanese constitution, or the developments in the negotiation progress between the main parties to the conflict.
In order to involve people’s minds – that is the problem – we need a Europe that offers solutions to people’s most important demands, as provided for in the text of the Constitutional Treaty signed in Rome.
Peace and progress in the region.
The reason, I am told, is that the deals have been reformed.
India's democracy deserves these laws to be respected, and India should become a model for others.
I am also pleased that the recent decision of the Court on codecision has been announced and that Parliament will now have an enhanced role in relation to these two banks.
I feel that the United States and Israeli delegations did well to withdraw from the work of the Conference, just as I feel that you did well, President-in-Office of the Council, to stay on to achieve a result, for, in actual fact, the two things are not incompatible.
The EU imported almost 90% of the bananas it consumed (72.5% from Latin America and 17% from African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries).
The numerous standstills that we find in the Arab world, which are of course economic, financial, political, institutional and religious, are also to a large extent intellectual and cultural.
Given its composition and the fact that there is no pluralism in the people who make it up, quite frankly, we could ask ourselves a lot of questions.
The stance adopted by Parliament at first reading is a sensible one and it is in line with the jurisprudence of the European Court of Justice.
It would cover the activities of paedophiles and those who supply children to them as well as the trafficking in women for the purposes of sexual exploitation.
I hope that the Commission will listen to us on this point and will truly mainstream opportunities for women within this financial assistance.
The Commission is concentrating mainly on reducing the size of fleets while, at the same time, failing to curb mass imports to the European market from the Far East, such as of the highly damaging panga.
In addition, the exchange rate risk is likely to scare off most investors.
Since then, the people responsible for public health no longer take any risks whatsoever.
However, I also support the extensions of the charter recommended by the committee, for example to protect the interests of consumers and avoid conflicting legislation, both inside and outside the EU.
Applause
Mr President, the worldwide confrontation on the subject of Iraq between two concepts of international relations is splitting Europe in two.
I still want to see the structures in place to achieve that.
However, because I want this text to be passed so I can get fully involved in the forthcoming negotiations on policies, because my 'no' more than two years ago was pro-European, I am shouldering my responsibilities and approving the Treaty of Lisbon.
I would be very grateful, Mr Dimas, if you, as a staunch conservative, could finally clear up this mess of Messrs Seeber and Florenz and others, who are once again bowing down before the old industries.
The fact is that there is violence other than terrorism in the traditional sense.
I want to use this opportunity today to share with you my thoughts on what this vision of a united Europe means to the people of my country, the Republic of Macedonia.
Since the new control system intends to make the best possible use of modern technologies, in order to develop an efficient automated and systematic system of cross-checking, it is important that these provisions apply on the date foreseen in the proposal, so as not to further delay the implementation of the new approach to control.
It will therefore only be further hypocrisy to speak today in this ludicrous forum of rebuilding Iraq, when what is really on the agenda is destroying Iraq until not a stone remains standing, except, of course, for the derricks.
Is this promise that everything will be free and without discrimination for foreign investors aimed at the non-democratic states?
The reports of the EOMs are a key entry point for addressing deficiencies in the electoral framework.
The quality of benefits will suffer if the population falls.
First and foremost, we should not be alarmed at the current price rises.
There is also still a great deal to be done in the European Parliament, and my criticisms are accordingly also aimed at this House.
This reminds me of those two French men, Jean-Claude Irvoas and Jean-Jacques Le Chenadec, who were lynched during last year’s riots in the French for similar reasons.
This application is under examination by the Commission under the terms of the regulation.
Otherwise, aside from the stigma of shame, the EU must consider taking particularly effective action against ex-imperial Japan.
The risk of a personal accident at work increases if you are working 12 hours or more; tired workers are dangerous workers.
When it comes to the action plan, unfortunately this is still vague, as are the issues of financing and the structural involvement of the parliaments.
However, this formula has cumulative inconveniences: it lays the burden of control on the partner who has the least interest in exercising it vigilantly. To correct this bias, ' federal' controls would have to be established for the supervision of exporting countries; but this complicated structure would prove oppressive for national sovereignties, and also costly, as an army of officials would have to be recruited in Brussels.
In particular, we can endorse the report's fundamentally positive outlook.
The call for solidarity between generations with regard to pensions should in the first instance be accommodated in the Member States themselves.
This Commission must now operate internally as a coalition between these three movements and these three political parties and must try to reach compromises supported by the entire Commission and by the entire College.
Why do you not say quite clearly that the ever-widening gap between rich and poor is no longer acceptable?
We must work in a methodical and organised manner, however.
SARS, of course, entails other dimensions in addition to public health implications.
I appreciate that the French Presidency has managed to bring about an agreement between the old and the new Member States and has made concessions in the reference year or up to 2007.
It is important not to overlook the threats posed to tourists by terrorists, whose activities are often directed against the former.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - (LT) I too would like to thank the rapporteur for his good work and support the ideas expressed by many colleagues.
It is sending out entirely the wrong signal for us to warn him to be careful not to disturb the balance between the institutions, so paragraph 4, which in my view is the worst thing in this entire report, simply has to be dropped.
We can best honour the memory of Noël, of Schuman and of Monnet by ensuring that the Union we pass on to our successors continues to be vital, relevant and, above all, one with which our citizens can identify.
I therefore lend my backing to this proposal, which adopts an almost identical system, albeit this time by the codecision procedure, with some changes designed to adapt it to the Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games in Turin.
I know how many victims there were in Italy.
A4-0300/97 by Mr Imaz San Miguel, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on the proposal for a Council Regulation on the conclusion of the Protocol establishing the fishing possibilities and the financial compensation provided for in the Agreement between the European Community and the Government of the Republic of Guinea-Bissau on fishing off the coast of Guinea-Bissau for the period 16 June 1997 to 15 June 2001 (COM(97)0395 - C4-0448/97-97/0205(CNS)); -A4-0365/97 by Mr Medina Ortega, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on the proposal for a Council Regulation on the conclusion of the Protocol establishing the fishing rights and financial contribution provided for in the Agreement between the European Economic Community and the Republic of Ivory Coast on fishing off the coast of Ivory Coast for the period 1 July 1997 to 30 June 2000 (COM(97)0520 - C4-0565/97-97/0269(CNS)); -A4-0364/97 by Mr Kindermann, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on the proposal for a Council Regulation on the conclusion of the Protocol establishing, for the period 1 July 1997 to 30 June 2000, the fishing rights and financial compensation provided for in the Agreement between the European Economic Community and the Government of the Republic of Equatorial Guinea on fishing off the coast of Equatorial Guinea (COM(97)0522 - C4-0567/97-97/0268(CNS)); -A4-0363/97 by Mr Novo, on behalf of the Committee on Fisheries, on the proposal for a Council Regulation on the conclusion of the Protocol defining, for the period 6 September 1997 to 5 September 2000, the fishing rights and financial compensation provided for by the Agreement between the European Economic Community and the Republic of Cape Verde on fishing off the coast of Cape Verde (COM(97)0521 - C4-0566/97-97/0270(CNS)).
I am worried about legislation turning a blind eye to diversity, and I am convinced that not all Hungarian citizens recognise themselves in the conservative image portrayed by the constitution.
I must emphasise that compliance with international human rights legislation and humanitarian legislation by all parties, in every circumstance, remains a vital condition for establishing a just and lasting peace throughout the world.
I have not heard anyone talking about the homework that needs to be done at national level, and about where the real culprits are to be found – in the Member States.
We can join in the protests against the conditions of detention of prisoners in Djibouti only by clearly stating that, although the gaolers are in Djibouti, some of those who are really responsible have seats in the French Government.
Should there be a train crash in Cyprus there would be two trains involved.
There is no guarantee, however, that those situations that we saw in the past, before the existence of the euro, are not going to re-emerge in the future.
Many police staff and criminal investigation services will of course welcome this report with open arms as it simplifies their work.
A further significant aim is to avoid duplication of efforts during missions where NATO is participating in tandem with European forces.
Indeed, one of the interesting aspects of France's initiative aimed at creating a Union for the Mediterranean - which, for that matter, I supported from the very start - is that it brings a stronger element of regional cooperation.
The Commission feels that this directive as it now exists represents a useful first move towards fair and efficient pricing in road truck haulage, and we welcome the willingness of Parliament and the Council to make that advance while, at the same time, we continue to emphasise the need for further work on quantifying external costs for all modes.
The OAU is doing its best to broker a peace deal there.
Everyone is entitled to it and must have access to all forms of education, irrespective of their origin, gender or age.
That would provide central and northern Portugal with rail and port infrastructures as well as a complete road network once extensions have been made to the IP5 highway, which is scheduled for rapid conversion into a motorway, as planned in the annex.
Madam President, liberalizing the internal market in electricity sounds wonderful and may be a good thing, but how can we talk about competition when we exclude one section from the outset and do not allow it to take part, namely the small producers?
Energy is vital to our way of life, vital to our quality of life and vital to our standard of living, so how we organise markets and safeguard security of supply is equally important.
However, with this draft document, we have broken down that barrier, and we have done it because of the need to look after patients.
But I am opposed to the Union seeking noise limits on installations in any individual Member State. I do so, as I have argued strongly in committee, on the grounds of subsidiarity, in the belief that decisions should be taken at the lowest practical level.
I am delighted that the parliamentary committee is advocating a similar approach and that it has not agreed to any excessive changes to the underlying principles of employment policy.
Given that the average reduction in CO2 emissions during the period 2002-2007 for light commercial vehicles was only 0.4-0.5% per year, and that EU targets for new light commercial vehicles are necessary to avoid fragmentation within the internal market, I am voting in favour of this proposal.
We know about the experiences in the USA and today experts have again confirmed that warnings do have the required effect, especially in pointing out to pregnant women that drinking has devastating effects.
The point is what the European Commission's intentions are, not what the Council's intentions are.
The demand for innovative technologies on the EU market must be identified in order to sell the results of innovation.
If one EU Member State can successfully treat a patient for cancer, citizens from all corners of the EU should have an equal chance to make use of this opportunity.
Those responsible for their deaths have still not been apprehended.
I would now like to thank the rapporteur, Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, for a comprehensive report on Turkey's progress in 2009.
The Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) calls on every country, every citizen who is consulted, to accept their responsibilities and to decide on the ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon in full knowledge of the facts.
At first reading, Parliament replaced the single line with five lines.
I think that we have struck a fair balance between the rights of consumers and the needs of transport providers.
This, as I see it, is the result of a senseless policy pursued by the Council and by the Member States themselves, which have supported dictatorial and tyrannical regimes to the bitter end.
I hope that the Commission will support these projects, for what matters is that we provide this Europe of ours with an infrastructure that is environmentally friendly, that is efficient and that really does link the countries in Central Europe with one another.
We regard the process of EU-Black Sea/Caspian Basin energy and transport cooperation, launched at the Baku ministerial meeting late last year, as a very important vehicle for encouraging broader regional cooperation.
The first step to solving the problem of immigration is to consolidate in the European Union a genuine policy of generous and united cooperation that helps ...
The success of this endeavour will be a factor in the ongoing China arms embargo debate.
Those judges to whom I have read the newly tabled definitions of harassment and sexual harassment in the workplace are totally horrified.
Thus far, they have refused.
Madam President, perhaps the most disgraceful aspect of the Commissioner's conduct which this report discloses, over and above the appalling treatment meted out to the complainant in this case, is that it was not an isolated case of maladministration.
The Conference of Presidents will decide tomorrow on the final timetable, but the most likely date for the hearing of the new Commissioner-designate is 3 February, with the vote on 9 February.
This seriously harms the competitiveness of those mixtures.
By and large, we agree with the proposals made by the rapporteur, but we added one element to these proposals that the rapporteur unfortunately rejects, namely to take into account the level of noise at night and the level of noise during the day/night/evening, which are two extremely important indicators of noise pollution which allow us to differentiate between charges.
The large number of sectors and businesses affected by the crisis and globalisation make questions as to whether the present European economic model will be viable and sustainable inevitable.
Unfortunately, they are.
That is why we address the issue of energy.
Decision on urgency
Ladies and gentlemen, under a new social and political model, the fight against unemployment and for social inclusion also entail improving the quality of education and lifelong vocational training.
Today, for various reasons, a large majority of us will go along with these proposals: firstly, because they are part of an overall agreement, as part of which we have also, particularly in the Savary report, obtained a series of provisions guaranteeing workers' rights and opportunities.
The proposed text therefore satisfies the federalists' obsession with standardisation but is not going to change very much on the ground.
The rapporteur has said that these measures will guarantee the safety of products.
In the economic sphere, the proportion of women with decision-making powers is very unsatisfactory.
But I will say quite openly in my total solidarity or identification with the aims of the United Nations, that the Albanian population must know that Europe must never tolerate the slaughter of this people, the withdrawal of their basis for life.
Let us look at drugs policy for example: in Sweden and Scandinavia we have a restrictive drugs policy.
I would like to welcome the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Michel, and I shall now give him the floor.
We hope that this resolution will aid in making this Summit a productive one.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that the provision under examination can be significantly improved by Parliament during tomorrow's vote in the Chamber.
It is also a way of getting its equipment into place around the world - the Boeing-Airbus agreement, I suppose.
This situation is problematic for agriculture and, as fellow Members have been saying, for biodiversity, because of the enormous implications for food production and plant species that depend on pollination.
The move towards economic and social cohesion requires a thorough revision of the financial perspectives and a substantial bolstering of Community funds in order at least to maintain current levels of support for cohesion countries, including Portugal, and to give significant support to the development of the candidate countries.
Finally, it would mean undertaking to develop 'piggybacking' and making immediate use of the existing transverse lines, which are under-used.
The situation may not quite exist in other countries yet, but at least we can begin in this Parliament with a consensus on that point.
This is not the same amendment that was rejected in committee.
Mr President, how else am I to interpret the statement which Iranian ex-President Rafsanjani made last Friday?
Our main aim is to see patients protected.
The outrageous on-going lack of social service provision, the discriminatory treatment of pensioners, the poverty zones which are becoming increasingly common throughout Europe, require clear, courageous choices to be made.
This mistake often occurs in the Dutch version of the Commission documents, as well as the document by Mr Lannoye, through no fault of his own, of course.
He also, of course, forfeited the right to be chairman of the Human Rights Foundation.
Even at the moment that your mother’s ovum came together with your father’s sperm, even when you were a tiny embryo, you were just as charming, just as handsome as you are now, your voice was as easy on the ear as it is today.
Organisationally, this presidency has been a great success.
Relating to Thursday: Relating to Thursday, and the debate on topical and urgent subjects of major importance, I have received several requests for amendments.
I will confine myself to two specific issues in this debate.
in writing. - I welcome this debate, which brings attention to the fragmented and inconsistent EU policies on border control, immigration and asylum seekers.
Mr President, Representative of the Council Hassi and Commissioner, I believe that most of us were very pleased indeed when, as early as at the hearings of the Commissioners, we learned that one of Commissioner Wallström' s priority areas was work to combat climate change.
Following this, in 2006 the European Parliament adopted my colleague Carmen Fraga Estévez's report, which urged the Commission to present a proposal for a Community ecolabelling system for fishing products.
Mr President, following a long, tiring debate, we are on the verge of adopting Parliament's position at first reading.
In the Portuguese and German cases, guarantees were given that were unanimously approved by Council members and the Council therefore took it upon itself to take the decision, in line with its own competences and responsibilities.
It is the Council' s task to pursue the Treaty. That is what we do.
That will need to change.
Of course, this leadership cannot and should not consist in attempts by the state to impose a code of conduct on the media.
The sector is also certain to expand, not only in the traditional field of transplants - for example, corneal and skin grafts and heart valves - but also, as a result of advances in biotechnology, in those of reconstructive surgery, reproductive medicine and the treatment of disorders such as cancer, diabetes and Parkinson's disease.
The European Union will not turn a blind eye to their plight.
I believe that there can only be sustainable innovation if there are rigorous, sustainable and demanding public policies.
However, that is the very point which ultimately jeopardises the competitiveness of European airline companies and, alongside these companies, the competitiveness of European airports as well.
Mr McMahon, the problem lies in the fact that we must of course also reach agreement with the British Government, and there was indeed an extended exchange of letters on this subject, during which, in the interest of the inclusion of the local authorities, amongst other things, the Commission requested changes.
Moreover, premature implementation of inadequate technical measures would be liable to render ineffective the multilateral dialogue which the Commission plans to hold with the third countries of the Mediterranean region with a view to the sustainable management of the Basin as a whole.
In the Commission's Green Paper (2005/0265 final) on energy efficiency, it is estimated that around a million new jobs could be created in Europe, directly or indirectly.
(SV) Mr President, the number of products covered by this legislation that can be used for both civil and military purposes is far greater than we first thought.
Decisions concerning certain documents: see Minutes
Just one declaration will now be enough for the entire internal market.
Mr President, as draftsman for the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection, I must begin by thanking Mrs Dührkop most warmly for her ready cooperation.
We demand of the candidate States and of the countries with which the EU cooperates under the Lomé Agreement that they should respect human rights and show tolerance towards their neighbours.
Mr President, with the birth of the euro and the decision on those countries which will participate in the single currency, we are witnessing an exceptional moment in the difficult and exciting process of the construction of Europe.
We are not compelling local authorities to choose the most environmentally friendly solution, but we are forcing them to take account of the consequences in terms of health and the environment when making their calculations.
The greatest responsibility we have as a European Union - and this was mentioned by the leader of my party, Mr Bruton, when he addressed this Parliament as President-in-Office - is to extend our good fortune to less fortunate peoples throughout the world.
Opposition to a hearing at the ICJ, because it is a legal – not a political – forum, misses the point.
The single market is still a multiple market and so, to eliminate all the regulatory and technical niggles that have the effect of subtly re-erecting borders, the Commission suggests we adopt the principle that importers bear the cost: importers are to be responsible for the safety of the products they import, and the burden of proof is to be reversed.
   . The murder by Israel of the spiritual leader of Hamas confirms once again the murderous/terrorist nature of the policy followed by the Sharon government in order to subjugate the heroic Palestinian people.
That started in a shipyard in Poland.
My question - and this qualification needs to be set out - is: are there any plans to obtain professional advice here in the future, perhaps to instruct recruitment consultants to deal with this question, so that the best possible staff can be recruited in the future?
Society's weaker members must, though, be strengthened in a spirit of solidarity.
If European couples are having fewer children, the reason, quite obviously, is that they regard the future as very uncertain, and that the Member States of the European Union grant no financial incentive, or not enough, to those planning large families.
And lastly, on the subject of framework directives, I would like to say that the Commission has only resorted to such instruments in specific cases, and has always been conscious that they should not lead to disparities in the texts of national legislation.
Regarding the question as to whether the Commission will propose a long-term solution for nuts, the Commission services are aware of the situation in the nut sector and the points of view of all interested parties.
That is no doubt down to the skill of the Dutch presidency but I would also suggest that it has something to do with fact that in the United Kingdom there is a new government.
Their job is to produce food, not to write books.
We have had the recent condemnation of a terrorist bomber in the United Kingdom, David Copeland, who killed gay people and non-gay people in a gay bar and, of course, we have had the effective sacking of Professor Pelinka from the Observatory by the Austrian Government.
We have to use truth to bring about reconciliation, and now we all have to look to the future together.
He has been the soul behind this whole package.
If elected President, I pledge to fight for what this Parliament needs.
The prosecution of Oviedo, the perpetrator of coups d' état, must be taken as an opportunity to make progress on the road to democracy, but we are also obliged to mention that democracy will not be consolidated in Paraguay unless social justice is improved, the eternal problems of social inequality are eliminated and the problems of unemployment and discrimination are brought to an end.
I know that Her Royal Highness has an extensive programme of meetings here in Parliament this week; indeed, I have already met with her.
Real democracy is what can and must solve the population's problems.
This may possibly happen before the projected date in July, because the loss of 25% of the land area and 20% of the population will not hit Northern Sudan nearly as hard as giving up a considerable proportion of the oil revenue.
The following amendments have been proposed.
Those people who know nothing of other languages, those who know nothing of other countries and of other cultures, those people who live, sometimes quite happily, in ignorance, are very often those who are most susceptible to misinformation.
I was present at Rio in 1992, and I remember well what the atmosphere was like when the conference came to an end.
On the legislative side, we really do need public meetings.
I abstained in the vote on this report, since Sweden is not participating in the economic and monetary union.
Despite short rains and locust infestation, food production this year was in fact only 11 % below the five-year average.
Mentioning them may make the text unbalanced: the best solution would be just to delete the paragraph.
That cannot be allowed to happen.
In both these the European Parliament must be directly involved.
That is too few!
Because having these tests at the national level helps to avoid Commission intervention.
These phenomena cannot be seen as relative and marginal events, nor can they be justified in any way.
Dialogue, transparency, suitable participation of workers, anticipation, risk prevention and developing employability are the key elements in a European response to this challenge.
We have a common fisheries policy in the EU and that is how it is going to stay.
Knowing how sensitive the European Parliament is, I know that we can count on your support, as well as on the commitment of the European Commission, to provide the continuity that is needed.
But this is what is going to happen with the draft Treaty of Amsterdam, which the majority of this Parliament approves, but which will reduce democracy in Europe and deprive the national parliaments of their powers without offering any equivalent democratic control.
This must not happen in future.
This does not alter the fact that full interpreting in all the new languages will only be available from 1 May 2004.
The proposal in the directive currently under debate combines and streamlines existing European law by creating a single, cohesive proposal.
Mr President, I have to say by way of prologue how refreshing it is to hear a government minister admit he does not know any more about a situation than we do.
We will continue to work with our partners in the Mediterranean Sea to convince them of the need to adopt measures along the same lines as ours.
The MEPs took a stand, in Strasbourg, so as to strengthen producers' organisations, to stop speculation on the international markets and to control the influence of businesses in the processing and distribution sectors.
I take note of that fact that as he talked about Europe's profile in the world he referred to enlargement and mentioned that enlargement will move the epicentre of the European Union towards the east.
Obviously here we mainly mean the small and medium-sized enterprises at local and national level, as well as the large parent and subsidiary companies based in Europe and the workers, which must operate on the terms of a transparent internal market and not on the terms of economic offshoots such as cartels and oligopolies.
In the long term, it will be essential to ensure the viability of public finances. This should take account of the different elements involved, including the difficult and important problem of the ageing of populations.
The proposal, however, does not use legal instruments to lay down which measurement tasks must be performed.
It is clearly good to analyse at world level what is perhaps the best expression of globalisation, that is, a society which, at the beginning of the twenty-first century, is most characterised by our treatment and dissemination of information.
The December 2004 European Council decision to open accession negotiations brought Turkey's 40-year goal of European Union membership a significant step closer and in the process helped further to bind the country so critical to our future security, stability and prosperity to the Union.
Before the vote on Nicaragua:
The first fundamental issue is the field of application of the new regulation, which relates to international railway passenger services.
What should we do now?
All the countries in the Mediterranean area must acknowledge human dignity, democracy and the rule of law.
The truth is that, however effective it might be, development cooperation policy will never by itself succeed in responding to the many challenges posed in the countries of the South.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, Security and Defence Policy has also considered this aspect.
I sent a copy of Mr Fava’s report to a former staffer of mine, Sally McNamara, who is now the international relations director for a major Washington public policy institute, the American Legislative Exchange Council.
It is nothing short of scandalous that the Europol Convention is not ratified.
I am thinking about the role the Union should be playing and is not.
I do not think that the use of law enforcement authorities provided for in Chapter 7 of the United Nations Charter is applicable in this case.
Secondly, the EU position for the negotiations in the United Nations and Europe's own contribution to a successful outcome of the Doha conference.
I appreciate that you actually understand the demands and needs of the ordinary people.
The new situation in the Mediterranean, Mr President, the proposed exclusion of the Baltic should make it possible to obtain a better majority in the Council to break the deadlock on this problem finally as Parliament has requested.
We should also take far more decisive measures in tracing and prosecuting these criminals.
Secondly, the humanitarian situation also requires us to adopt a clear position regarding what we have just learnt today, that three people working for Médecins Sans Frontières have been kidnapped and at the moment we do not know where they are or what condition they are in, and that 13 NGOs that have recently been providing basic assistance and addressing essential needs, amongst other things, have been expelled.
Mr Harbour says we have not done it yet but I would say to him that this is the first stage.
Question No 49 by Proinsias De Rossa (H-0786/02):
That step should have been preceded by precautions enabling all the populations to be associated with it, and a Yugoslav confederation to be constructed and associated with our European Union.
I should just like to add that, in my view, NATO should delay its bombing campaign so as to allow the issue to be discussed by the UN Security Council.
Madam President, I would like to announce that, as of this morning, I am joining the Radical Group' s fight for an independent technical group.
I can tell you that the opinions of the Council and the European Parliament coincide across a range of issues, even though there are still issues that we must discuss further together.
This would be of benefit to the Member States and the immigrants’ countries of origin.
If this matter is to be discussed in the debate on urgency, then as I see it, the possibility would also exist for the Commission to make its statement during that debate.
Although Nice did not take the crucial decision of exempting culture from the unanimity ruling, thereby enabling us to take a more decisive step towards convergence, what is important, as the report confirms, is that the European Union is working to develop a diverse cultural area.
My region in the West Midlands was very badly hit.
What are you doing to ensure the safety of meat coming into this country?
What I expect you to do, Commissioner Frattini, is to take the proposals that the Committee on Women’s Rights and Gender Equality put forward in the Prets report and in the plan of action against trafficking in women, and use them as the basis for practical action.
If you are in any doubt about this, just ask my Scottish and Welsh colleagues.
Our concept of caring has been enlarged and now refers not only to child care but also to the care of all dependent persons, including the disabled and the elderly.
Nevertheless, the motion for a resolution speaks in favour of continuing the process of liberalisation and of giving the WTO a greater role as part of a new global order policy and, for this reason, I voted against it.
New techniques for accelerated testing of the devices developed and reliability assessments are being devised too.
Therefore, there is no legal problem as regards the principle of conferral.
In order to make innovation policy more effective, the various support instruments need to be better coordinated and properly linked, with a leaner management structure; in other words, financial support must be better targeted.
Or let's take the case of Leyla Zana.
We must make sure that these are consistent across the European Union.
We have included in the synthesis report, as Mr Bullmann has mentioned, a series of specific proposals, ten priorities that the Commission would like to see approved at the Stockholm European Council, so that they will enable us to make progress in strengthening our commitments to structural and social change, which is fundamental for the sustainable economic growth that will enable us to reduce unemployment and improve cohesion.
What is most important, not least in terms of confidence-building among the Albanian population and viable self-government, is the creation of local police units, which will come under the local authorities and reflect ethnic proportions.
We can cite, for example, the obesity which is rising across Europe, particularly among young people.
The truth is that the Commission's response has reassured me.
I do not agree with such points of view.
Of course, he is right and the Commission would like to express its agreement with that statement.
It is, and will remain, our number one political objective.
Both sides are also significant investors in each other's economy, with a combined volume of Foreign Direct Investment worth EUR 200 billion in 2009.
Democratic Republic of Congo: clashes in the eastern border areas (vote)
Does anyone object to this oral amendment?
Moreover, we have the statements from the Brest maritime prefect, where he states that he advised a change of course and that it was impossible for this vessel to enter a place of refuge as it was going to break up.
Latest studies to date show that, unfortunately, total emissions have been on the increase since 2000 and, if we are to believe the forecasts of the European Environment Agency for 2001, overall emissions in the European Union of the six gases deemed to be responsible for climate change are up by 1% on the year 2000.
In this case we are not setting threshold values for fixed installations, refineries or large combustion plants.
The European Union must send a clear message to the rest of the world: the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement must be a bulwark against all counterfeiting.
The Council would like to add its voice to the hopes expressed here that the transfer of power will be a peaceful and splendid occasion.
We have arrived at an agreement on public transport services.
The report is merely the start of the whole process.
The first steps are indeed being taken to this end, but I suggest that we should give thought to stepping up development aid, to targeting and monitoring it, to the possibility of information campaigns in the mass media, which should be a collaborative effort with the countries of origin, in which people would be informed about the risks and consequences involved in illegal immigration by being shown how things really are for stranded ‘boat people’ and for those who migrate illegally in search of work, and they would also have to be told about the possibility of migrating legally.
I would also like to thank the European Commission and Council for the way they have acted in dealing with this tragedy.
They advocate universal interference in the government of nations and refuse to listen to any opinion as soon as it challenges their own views.
   . Mr President, just a year ago this Parliament adopted its resolution on the Commission's new consumer policy strategy for the next five years.
I find this a little fishy, even by the standards of this House, so I do not think she was the right and proper person to be rapporteur for this report.
   . Mr President, the Commission is following events in Zimbabwe closely and is deeply concerned at the deterioration of the humanitarian and human rights situation there.
However, unless it speaks with one voice, this will result in loss of credibility.
In addition, the EU called for an investigation by the United Nations' special rapporteur on Myanmar into the death of Mr Nichols.
That, then, is one urgent question to be raised for the forthcoming revision of the Treaty.
The vote will take place tomorrow.
That is right and proper, but this new form of economic governance simply reflects a rational response to a new reality.
There have been requests for the mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) in cases of mass redundancies across Europe.
Otherwise, our commitment will be purely rhetorical, and through rhetoric alone, however long the list of declarations adopted may be, it will be difficult for us to make a more humane world a reality for everyone.
I think it is a good thing that we have avoided a conciliation procedure.
If Mr Dell' Alba thinks that, considering the absence of the Minutes, we should postpone this vote too, then this is what I shall do.
Therefore, Madam President, I believe that we should clearly point out to the Tunisian Government, which is a friendly government and is associated to us, that this behaviour is not only incompatible with our association agreement, but that also, as Mr Wurtz has rightly pointed out, that this situation should not be allowed to continue and is leading Ben Brik' s relatives to endanger their own lives in defence of these rights.
This is a frequent sensation for those of us who still cannot see that the European Union is doing anything to incorporate the regional issue or stateless nations into its institutional structure and politics.
These are, in my view, the two measures for which Europe must steadfastly press.
My group takes the view that this strategic partnership with China is what will take us into the future, and that we must seek to bring it about.
I would like to start by referring to Mrs Avilés Perea's report.
The creation of rapid intervention teams is certainly only a start.
It is necessary for Europe to have a clearer sense as to its future direction before we would be able to try and secure the consensus we want on the basis of the financing of the European Union.
The ECR therefore abstained.
From what Commissioner Marín has said, the Council seems certain to adopt the proposal unanimously on 24 March.
The European Union has its own limited political priorities and responsibilities.
We have dealt with another case in the Committee on Petitions concerning a man who has passed the language examinations in Latvia, who knows all the laws and who, nonetheless, is not granted citizenship because the state considers that - and I repeat what the Ambassador said to us - 'this man is not loyal to the state'.
I regret the confusion and the fact that we got engaged in bureaucratic politics when it was clear there are new issues on Kosovo and the Middle East in the Cardiff Conclusions that should have been addressed, and are rightly addressed in this resolution.
If you look at the UK consumer for example, who buys a Rover, as Mr Lange has indicated or for that matter any other make of car in the UK and who has for years been paying excessive prices for those cars, over and above comparable prices in other parts of Europe, why should they pay?
I should first like to reiterate my personal commitment and the commitment of all Members of Council to this region, namely the Balkans.
From this perspective, politics bears enormous responsibility.
The failure to do so will be a clear signal that repeated international calls for judicial independence and respect for democratic norms in Peru have once again been ignored.
(Applause)
I voted in favour.
Of the three pillars of pension provision, the company supplementary pension scheme is still relatively small, especially in my country; in Germany it makes up less than 5-7 % of contracts.
The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m.
We want this second reading to alter the Council's Common Position, which is poor, feeble, and far from forward-looking.
Let us remember these events.
Nobody wants civil war in Belarus, but the country's problems cannot be resolved by a presidential dictatorship either.
That is something we can only condemn in the European Parliament.
As the European Union statement following the Russian presidential election pointed out, we have a common interest in furthering our ties and we hope that our partnership will be consolidated and developed constructively under the presidency of Dmitri Medvedev.
A number of the amendments which have been tabled condemn the disappearance of a large number of species - in some cases up to 30 %.
In Article 2 the regulation specifies that the sanctions must be proportionate to the faults committed and provides, before their implementation, for a detailed procedure to be followed which guarantees that the establishments threatened by sanction can evaluate their position before the competent authorities.
Intervention from Parliament in terms of analysing the context, the occasion or whether the person who made the public statement was entitled to do so or not only happens in exceptional cases.
Some colleagues would like to reduce digressivity in favour of proportionality - more proportionality means more seats for the big countries.
Paragraphs 22 to 24 deal with justice and home affairs.
Indeed, we should all welcome this enhancement and diversification of global energy.
However, as far as its form is concerned, this Pact has always been the subject of an intergovernmental agreement rather than control by our Parliament, the only representative of the sovereignty of the people of Europe.
I am delighted to note that in 9 of the 15 Member States, Sunday has been officially designated a day of rest.
We can safely say that the Union can be credited with successes in the electronic communications sector over the last decade.
The two processes are separate processes.
It is enough to list the proposals relating to immigration: expanding the right to asylum, broader legal immigration channels; relaxing naturalisation procedures, expanding the concept of European citizenship to non-EU legal immigrants, granting them the right to vote in local and European elections, and it goes on.
Human rights are of course a fundamental part of European Union foreign policy.
No one should rejoice prematurely at the present vicissitudes of the single currency.
The latter should be helped to gain membership of the World Trade Organisation and the OECD (Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development), and to approximate its legislation to that of the European Union.
I voted in favour of Amendment 138, which I tabled in September last year and which was adopted by 88% of MEPs.
It is unthinkable that those who advocate jobs and security in Europe could support such initiatives which are destructive to our countries and people.
The Council of Ministers cannot remain uninvolved for much longer.
These regions have been on the absolute periphery for decades; indeed, from our perspective, they are almost at the edge of the world.
This can be left as the Commission has proposed with the Member States ensuring the appropriate collection points for draining cars.
Cooperation in police matters, an idea developed at the Trevi Conference, led to the establishment of a network of liaison officers.
Back on 14 July, the European Parliament stated that the Commission's plan for this sector was insufficient and should be more practical and above all more concrete.
Mr President, conflict prevention cannot consist only of rapid reaction mechanisms and contingents of police. Conflict prevention, as Jost Lagendijk has already said, means for our Group that all EU policies should be aimed at the reduction and prevention of conflict.
Moreover, efforts at village level, where the majority of the poor live, must be clearly prioritised.
If he was honest, he would admit that.
The total cost of the project is EUR 3 million.
This cannot be done by one part of industry alone.
Mrs Fontaine will next be in the chair in Strasbourg, so you have ample time to formulate your question.
What have we done in the face of this situation?
More than 80% of world trade takes place at sea, and maritime transport remains the backbone of international trade.
His absence is unacceptable and I would ask you, Mr President, to communicate to Mr Solana, Secretary-General of the Council, that somebody should be here representing the Council, whether or not that duty falls to the Swedish Presidency.
The first is to extend the period of applicability of planting rights, which at present is only eight years, eight wine years, after that in which a duly declared grubbing-up of vines has taken place.
In the meantime the Commission will continue not only its active role in the negotiations but also its work on Community measures.
Several Members asked why there are no proposals on tobacco, sugar or milk in the mid-term review.
This is now being simplified.
We wanted to guarantee the rights of disabled people and psychological assistance.
I think that this 25% should not only be enforced but that it should also be ensured that more inspections take place. So this 25% should be increased.
Their administrations seem to be widely afflicted by corruption.
Unemployment has risen and wage differentials have increased.
I am sure that, under your Presidency, an agreement at second reading will be possible.
Parliament's success in introducing substantial changes in the original proposal is important. There are many in Parliament who feel the issues here are of real concern since they all concern the safeguarding of European citizens' interests and rights; indeed this report helps clarify many of the elements, such as the deposit guarantee scheme.
Many operators - among them telecommunications companies - are currently bringing new means of payment onto the market.
We are holding today's debate on rice because there is a most serious situation in that sector which has only worsened in recent months and which is affecting both producer countries and countries where rice is processed.
I do not want to manage it: I want to stop it.
We welcome that because we, the United States, need strong allies and alliances to help us tackle the problems of the 21st century, many which are the same - but so many are different - than the last century.
Let me give you an example. For the past 500 years it has taken five days to send a letter from Augsburg where I live to Brussels; in spite of trains, in spite of planes, the speed remains the same as in the days of the mail coach.
Finally, it would be an oversight on my part if I failed to thank the rapporteur for his excellent work.
My most especial thanks are due, of course, to Mr Rothley, and to all those who worked with him on this report.
It is vital that the 'television without frontiers' directive, currently undergoing revisions, must remain the only reference text on the subject.
Of course, I must put in a word for Parma, for Parma is one of the most important places in the Italian agrifoods system.
It is essential to continue research in this sector in order to find substances that are equally effective in terms of hygiene but less harmful to the environment.
Therefore, it makes sense to coordinate the use of these frequencies efficiently throughout Europe.
The legal instruments that are at our disposal must be adapted to the new reality.
What makes such an analysis all the more significant is that while we have had a long period of association, and are currently in negotiations, with Turkey, we should not forget countries such as Ukraine.
2001 was anything but a good year for the Structural Funds.
Finally, a brief word on the proposed amendments.
I would also be interested to know from the Commission what it envisages the impact on tobacco imports will be, and whether it is of the opinion that consumption will decrease when the crop is no longer grown.
We are therefore talking about over 300, 000 jobs which, as explained here, involves ecu 1000 million.
Is it true that, according to Eurobarometer surveys, 48% of Europeans agree or strongly agree that GM is useful in food production for improved nutrition and for improving shelf life or taste, despite the emotive campaign by the Greens to convince them of the contrary?
It emerges from all this that there is no democratic control of Europol. This is not at all remarkable, as there is no democratic control over any national police force.
I know that it was not easy to reach, because we would all like something better, including your Commissioner.
It is therefore in our interests to apply clear ground rules.
I highlight this - we also have extremely intensive debates in the Member States on state quotas, which are between 40 and 50% - in order to illustrate the fact that the European budget accounts for 1.07% of the total gross national product.
You mentioned the media.
The talks will only fail when Parliament and the other European institutions give their tacit consent to the non-observance of fundamental democratic rights.
In fact, the report we are debating today is the last progress report produced by the European Parliament.
We have to act in a consistent way.
Subject to certain conditions, special offers are available which mean that a crossing can cost as little as £16; but these are available only to inhabitants of the United Kingdom.
If people are to believe in a strong Europe that is closer to the people, there is still everything to be done in this area.
All of the multilateral initiatives connected with the Eastern Partnership - democracy, stability, economic integration, energy security and contacts between people - are undoubtedly useful, both for the EU and for the six neighbouring states.
A single area payment is in line with the view that growers should respond to market demands rather than be driven by CAP subsidies.
Also, a considerable period of time would be required to set up appropriate new administrative and indeed monitoring mechanisms in time to be effective, and this would create difficulties that would make it impossible to ensure that the resources were shared out in good time.
If individual censure of a member of the Commission were possible, many of us in this House would have censured Mr Fischler.
   . Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, it is highly symbolic that Viktor Yushchenko, the President of Ukraine, the EU's largest neighbour on its eastern border, is about to address the House on a day when we are also debating the EU's relations with its southern neighbours in the Mediterranean region.In the North, there is Norway, with which relations are friendly; in the West, there is the Atlantic, which means that our primary focus must be on our neighbours to the east and south.
(Applause ) I look around the room and I recognize many Members from the Budget and Budget Control Committees who, of course, are committed to this cause of fighting fraud in the European Union; but we are all clear that fraud in the European Union and the reaction to it amongst the people of the Union are a major political issue for every Member of this House, not just for the Budget and Budget Control Members.
The good functioning of public procurement markets is essential for stimulating the Single Market.
B4-0185/98 by Mr Bertens, on behalf of the Group of the European Liberal, Democratic and Reformist Party, on sub-critical nuclear testing; -B4-0195/98 by Mr McKenna and Mr Schroedter, on behalf of the Green Group in the European Parliament, on sub-critical nuclear testing; -B4-0237/98 by Mr Manisco and others, on behalf of the Confederal Group of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left, on sub-critical nuclear testing; -B4-0245/98 by Mrs Theorin, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on non-proliferation of nuclear weapons.
Enormous energy is expended on preserving the existing situation and restricting changes and reforms, but in fact reforms to the European Union’s internal market and the intensification of its integration are the main steps that could bring about an environment conducive to implementation of the Lisbon Strategy.
I do not belong to any church and come from a country which has now also separated the Church from the State.
Hitherto, we have devoted great attention to technology.
If the sanctions were intended to dislodge Saddam Hussein, this has not still been achieved after ten years.
Eighthly, Amendments Nos 27 to 29 on the beef and veal sector: the premium regulation for bulls provides only for a payment at the age of 10 months.
It would be democratically damaging to cooperation, as we have seen today.
Is it really true, Mr President-in-Office? Do you now understand that Mr Berisha's police force requires training?
But the conference did contribute to identifying issues which need further and urgent attention.
Oostlander report (A4-0328/98)
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon.
For the European Union the requirement for creativity is nothing new.
The hospital was built by the UNRWA and it has received a contribution from the Community budget.
This will therefore also be taken into account in this year's PHARE programme.
We need to offer women who work in the agricultural sector the chance to achieve their individual life plans, making them economically independent, and able to meet familial responsibilities.
I cannot imagine any airport in the world that works with computer systems and that has not found a solution to the problem by now, and it would be absolutely unthinkable if there were airlines that had not now taken the necessary precautions on board their aircraft.
The settlement process must proceed by the only possible avenue, i.e. that of dialogue.
Will it find a peaceful solution to the Kurdish and Cypriot problems?
Lowering guaranteed prices to world market level is going too far, in our view.
In conclusion, I can accept or partially accept some of the fundamental amendments proposed in your report.
Through both Agreements, the European Union seeks to contribute to the development of the Mediterranean region and to stabilize the peace process in the Middle East.
All we are doing in terms of setting the structure for the vote is to follow the logical, chronological order of the amendments.
We vigorously reject these delaying tactics on the part of the Socialists, who are attempting to wreck the compromise with the French Government and bring about its collapse during this legislative term.
Will he bring forward to this Parliament plans to do more work in that area?
Mr President, can I use my speech tonight to appeal to all EU countries to follow the practice in Britain for hotlines to be given notice and take-down powers, namely that when online images of child sexual abuse are discovered and reported, the hotline can immediately order the content to be removed by the service provider or host company.
Or is the enlargement project just an example of the classic divide and rule strategy, a tactical trick to enlarge the power of the Brussels bureaucracy.
A total of almost 2 300 tonnes of potentially contaminated feed fat was delivered to 25 feed manufacturers in Germany.
Well, the failings are obvious.
That is my plan.
It may sound simple, but it is in fact fiendishly complicated, and when I think of how many debates there have been in my own Parliament in Denmark, I can readily imagine the problem that rotating presidencies will have in getting 15 - and soon, in fact, 25 - parliaments to agree on the same rules.
Yet their lack of interest and involvement and sometimes even their distaste for all things political requires us to take specific action to tackle their problems.
in writing. - (RO) I welcome the fact that the European Parliament decided to organize a debate on the situation of the Roma community in Italy.
Finally, it is important for voluntary organisations and organisations representing people with disabilities to be integrated into this work.
How to clean them - this is the problem.
Normally when we carry out an assessment and when I present an account of it we are already in possession - I hope - of a certain number of elements that enable us to shed some light on the information you requested.
The discussion served as an opportunity to examine, among other things, the special problems of the European regions in which the national capitals are situated.
The extension of these projects should therefore be encouraged because of the good results which have been achieved and presented by the European Commission.
So one asks: should we perhaps not be attempting to freeze the prices for the main Mediterranean products?
I support the idea that Member States must have the right to decide how many cards they wish to issue each year.
Without their effective cooperation at every step of this long-term endeavour and at each stage of the successful tripartite dialogue (and how effective the discussion has been), we could not have achieved the satisfactory compromise that has emerged.
I would like to take this opportunity to say that there is a connection between Turkish accession and the future Constitution, which determines power and influence by reference to population size.
The criticism is sometimes levelled at us that, with our policy and our resolutions, we are trying to isolate Belarus, and that this is only playing into Lukashenko's hands.
I was extremely sorry, as I said publicly both before and after the event, that the second round of presidential elections did, as the Minister said, take place despite the many appeals from the international community, including, incidentally, appeals from Zimbabwe's African partners, for it to be postponed.
Making citizens feel that they really are taking part in the many huge challenges that we still have to face is perhaps the most realistic way to create a solid, common foundation on which to build our future.
We are down to 38 Members present, and I am sure that some of those Members will have to leave within the next half hour, during the course of this debate.
Explosives and speedboats are commonly used to scare dolphins and the programme even allows the deliberate killing of these animals, with over 1 400 observed dead last year, according to the Earth Island Institute’s ‘Dolphin Safe’ programme.
It is time the Member States of the Union took a look in the mirror, because in the future, whether or not forest fires occur will depend on us.
President-in-Office of the Council. - (PT) In reply to the honourable Member's question on negotiations between the EU and Russia on quotas and their management in the future, the Council would like to stress that, although the Common Fisheries Policy specifically covers the conservation, management, and exploitation of living aquatic resources, Council Regulation (EC) No 2371/2002 of 20 December 2002 on the conservation and sustainable exploitation of fisheries resources under the Common Fisheries Policy defines 'living aquatic resources' as 'available and accessible living marine aquatic species, including anadromous and catadromous species during their marine life';
We also thank you for this example of cultural and linguistic diversity in Europe that you have given us.
Madam Vice-President, ladies and gentlemen of the Australian delegation, on behalf of the Members of our institution, I welcome you to the European Parliament.
Madam President, today we are debating the proposals for reform of the various agricultural sectors without knowing the possible financial impact of such proposals and, above all, whether or not they fit in with the future financial perspective.
The 20 % limit fails to take cognisance of the fact that regulations for corporations in Europe already exist within the framework of the 7th Company Guideline.
The same applies to the cooperation between the Member States, the Council, the European Parliament and the Commission.
Given its strategic nature, this is an extensive report, which tackles the different aspects of EU energy policy in detail by constructing the strategy on the basis of the considerable quantity of legislation that we have adopted in recent years.
The vote will take place tomorrow at noon.
It would also be appropriate to revise the system of existing trade preferences, for sometimes the level of development of third countries no longer justifies the granting of these preferences.
The obligations with which they must comply are as follows:
Is the scope of the existing Community programme differentiated geographically?
The assertion is not made any more credible by the fact that it is repeated, and regrettably so, in a study commissioned by the European Parliament, a fact that lends it a certain cachet of respectability.
In the same way, it could be advantageous to issue a slim piece of legislation which functioned as a political barometer, picking up important ideas in the area of victims of crime which might be worth using.
Thank you, Mr President.
I am very pleased indeed that we have voted to put this emergency facility in place.
We hope that the new regulation will make it possible for consumers not to have to face unbearable prices in future.
Every unified regulation in Europe is better than the current patchwork quilt arrangement.
Ten years further on, pitifully few of the promised social improvements have actually been made.
What we need is for the solutions to the problems to actually be implemented in the Member States.
Nevertheless, the Commission clearly has a problem when it comes to supervising the drafting of the implementing measures.
Madam President, I did not want to interrupt the voting when I arrived a little bit late.
The June Movement is opposed to union, so we are voting no.
When does the Council expect to realize the intentions which are contained in the Commission's proposal on food legislation and which are being so hotly debated in the Member States?
If the European institutions wish to continue playing an active role in the fight against sex discrimination, they should start by giving an example in the treatment reserved to their officials and agents.
There is no doubt that these are positive changes.
It is therefore important to ensure that consumers' rights are respected, that they have the right to full, intelligible, simple and easily comparable information, and that that right is respected by companies and law-makers.
Farmers must be given a regular sum on which they can rely, and they must also be able to plan economically and successfully.
We are not going to give the problem of Gibraltar all the in-depth attention it deserves here and now. Gibraltar is a colony belonging to a Member State but is within the boundaries of another fellow Member State of the European Union.
Even now the predominant opinion in the new Member States is of the negative effect the euro will have on consumer prices.
Anyone who takes a rather longer-term approach cannot but follow the Commission's logic and choose the short, sharp shock of conversion, rather than carrying on with the heavy administrative burden which, for a number of reasons, the current system represents.
It is to be welcomed if legislation develops in this respect.
Mr President, for too long the international community has allowed Milosevic to do as he pleases, without trying all possible sanctions such as an oil embargo.
Spain joined the Basle Committee last year, which brings the total number of EU countries on the committee to 9 out of 13.
The Commission, like the European Parliament, will be standing by at the Council's side, ready to turn these national debates into a European debate when the time is right.
Those of us who come from a small country cannot accept the report in that form.
It has also been heartening that there has been a complete condemnation of the cynical trade in the human misery which has been perpetrated by those criminals who run the gangs and try to take money from innocent victims by telling them of a future that they might have in the European Union which is not possible.
Both the Commission proposal and the amendments proposed by the rapporteur give a clear message to industry: the phenomenon of false self-employment will not be tolerated and the legislator will be vigilant in putting this rule into practice throughout Europe.
For two reasons.
No effort is being made to reduce the amount of rubbish being generated or to ensure that the waste which is produced is disposed of properly or even recycled.
Do we get a balance of payments problem?
However, the Committee on Budgets, and specifically Barbara Dührkop Dührkop, who understands the need for a strong cultural sector within the EU, have given it priority.
I believe that common EU and US policies in the areas of customs tariffs, intellectual property, mutual recognition, mutual understanding and harmonisation of standards can lead to the creation of a new transatlantic trade area to the benefit of both entrepreneurs and consumers, on both sides of the Atlantic.
I am sure that my country, Poland, in which the majority of citizens are in favour of adopting the Constitutional Treaty, will also demonstrate its unequivocal support for the Treaty during the referendum.
It would also boost the railway equipment industry in countries such as my own.
Child welfare means that both parents have to be responsible for the everyday life of the family.
Elaborating on Frontex's operational capacity, how does the Council feel about creating regional centres in sensitive areas, particularly at the southern maritime borders?
I do need to see what it's all about.
Finland, as the country holding the presidency, wishes to ensure that all applicant countries are encouraged and supported equally in their efforts to meet the criteria for membership.
Council presidents must remember that they are not taking over executive office when they become president of the Council.
I declare adjourned the session of the European Parliament.
So why are we complaining about the seals?
We must pay attention, however, to the textile industry, where I believe there is an issue emerging that is also political in nature.
Genetically modified products and biotechnology give rise to a number of questions and concerns.
It is true that the risk is more present in Southern Europe, but let us not forget that climate change affects all of Europe's environmental assets.
We appeal for her to be given a fair trial.
The fate of the company must be linked to that of the manager and workers as well so that a safe service of suitable quality can be guaranteed, particularly in the state service sector.
We need to prevent Europe from ageing, because we are not going to avoid having more elderly people: science and medicine have brought us to this point and progress will continue to be made.
But this was not registered in the Minutes.
You will agree that this may of course result in a deterioration in the political and human rights situation and in clashes between Malagasies.
Everything has been said and all the measures have been laid down, but what we now need to do is apply them.
We are aware that at present Europe's output of grain and other agricultural products is low, and, in general, particularly at this time of crisis.
I count on your sense of realism to get Europe at the table and not on it, and I wish you good luck in your second term.
The Emissions Trading Scheme should be mentioned as it has been amended by means of this Commission proposal.
With the supranational challenges we face in today’s world, the more countries that share our values and practise good government and democracy within our Union, the more able we will be to promote those values beyond it.
I find it very positive that Parliament is reflecting on these issues and that it continues to monitor the situation, as long as these signs are translated into tangible and effective measures.
I would add that, last week, we had a very nice data protection day.
At a public hearing organised by the European Commission last October there was a very strong and clear call for substitution of PVC.
As if that were not enough, there is now the proposal on cofinancing, which has poisoned the whole debate over the CAP.
We have been and will continue to be critical on many issues, we have had and will continue to have differing opinions, but we are and will continue to be united for the Europe of peace and progress which we would like to create.
We thank you for the informal receptions which are very nice but they are no real substitute for a formal dialogue.
The following technical assistance bureaux have been ordered to pay back sums of money:
It aims to promote practical cooperation between Member States, in particular, by improving access to accurate information on countries of origin, which is a good thing.
   – Mr President, the tendering directive, the single European sky directive, the directive on takeover bids, the agencies, the concrete work on economic growth – one need only recall the decisions made on major public works and the finance mechanisms associated with them – and the careful analysis launched by the Italian Presidency, followed by specific proposals on competitiveness, a subject which lies at the root of the Lisbon process which is only slowly taking shape in the way we want; the specific measures on immigration – which should take place legally with flows regulated by individual countries’ requirements – with particular regard for the border control agency; the Euro-Mediterranean Parliamentary Assembly and the Foundation for Dialogue between Cultures and Civilisations, whose main task will be an assessment of the dialogue between religions in the hope of curbing fundamentalism, since this is terrorism in the making; the action in the Middle East – where we have worked hard towards a dialogue between the two sides, and Italy in particular has also provided a venue – with the launching of an intervention plan with a EUR 5 billion budget for the next five years: these are undeniable achievements that attest to the generosity of the Italian Presidency.
It is good to see that Parliament does not have an opinion on separate negotiations and accession timetables for the various countries.
Aside from the other important factors that must be assessed, this report proposes to broaden the scope of the regulation to include not only oil maritime pollution but also any kind of pollution caused by vessels including liquid noxious substances, and this is something we welcome.
I find myself unable to vote in favour of some of the amendments and I therefore voted against the report as a whole.
I want to express my deep sense of disappointment that yesterday, at an early stage, when my group presented to other group presidents the possibility of trying to find a reasonable way forward, whereby the Council would meet tonight and then, tomorrow, we could decide on the issue in a more definitive way, some colleagues used procedures in this House to block that possibility.
However, at the same time, I have found that morale amongst the Commission' s staff is very low.
Finally, the timing of the different initiatives.
From your long experience you will naturally know not to expect us to behave as dutiful choristers concerned solely with celebrating the advent of the German Presidency.
The European project is a gradual process, which has been able to adapt to changing realities and to respond to the vicissitudes of history.
Once the issue sees the light of day, we can put it to rest.
We have the following comments to make on the issues addressed in the report: as regards cereals, we disagree with the reduction in the monthly increments of the intervention price, which should have been increased.
Let me cite Latvia as an example.
Following thorough consultation over the last week, our group proposed in the Conference of Presidents that this point should be included on the agenda.
Written statements (Rule 142)
At both levels we need to set clear targets and timetables, as the rapporteur has pointed out and, more to the point, we need policies which are coordinated without overlapping.
They are signs of faith in a Europe, in a European Union, which is alive, which can continue to make progress and to obtain tangible results.
In its spring 2006 meeting, the Council also prioritised higher rates of employment and working activities for the disabled.
The Commission takes note of the decision of the of the co-legislators in Article 3a according to which it is requested to present a proposal defining normal life and establishing supplementary provisions.
Member of the Commission. - (EL) Madam President, the Commission is fully committed to helping to protect people from earthquakes.
As regards my second point, I was delighted to hear you say that we must set up a committee to involve governments, the Commission, the European Parliament and the national parliaments.
In this situation, therefore, the further democratisation of Turkey does, indeed, require better cooperation with the European Union.
You will doubtless be carrying your positions, your analytical viewpoints and your assessments with you from this place and perhaps there is no scope for me to convince you otherwise, since this is not an academic debate.
Our goal must be to establish the bases of dynamic planning that uses technological progress to enable the various groups of users to be made more compatible, thereby obtaining greater economic and social output from this valuable resource.
This is a huge opportunity for environment policy and for employment policy.
One of Iran’s main demands concerns the People’s Mujahedin Resistance Movement.
I think we would then be on the right road towards, firstly, dismantling an untenable system and, secondly, establishing the Statute for Members.
   The revision of the Community’s ‘financial bible’ affects not only the institutional framework of the European Union but also its citizens.
There must be an aim to rationalise the work of Parliament so that buildings expenditure can be cut.
However, uniform rules cannot be introduced, as there are enormous differences at the moment.
The online resources of the network now include, for example, a regular 'Ombudsman Daily News' service to members, and a lively internet forum for the exchange of information and ideas.
Technologically, the criminal community often moves on rather faster than the law enforcers.
I would like to commend the Commissioner for her decisive action in putting a proposal to the Venice informal Council to improve the efficiency of structural funds.
It would be a big mistake to get tied up in conventions and stereotypes: new Europe versus old Europe, America as the baddies, Europe as the goodies or Europe as the baddies, weak Europe versus strong America.
Part of this project, to my mind, has to do with us explaining to the European public that this sort of thing has to stop, and that European legislation cannot be used as a sort of protective screen behind which nation states run their pet projects and do things that they would not dare to do otherwise.
Now she has been allowed to answer precisely two questions in three months!
We take the opposite view, namely that economic dynamism, price stability and cost reduction are not enemies but allies of the development of the European social model.
In this sense also, the criteria for openness regarding whose varying opinions should be made known and whose should not - as those of the judges are not - are obviously different matters for consideration.
Some Member States have set out concrete goals at a domestic level for reducing child poverty.
We have already put before you a compromise providing, in the first instance, for binding targets to be applicable, to be followed by the setting of benchmarks in all areas, which – time-consuming and far from simple though this will be – will enable the targets to be met.
Today Turkey does not fulfil the basic conditions, unfortunately for Turkey, and unfortunately for the European Union.
But, as the Court said, obviously there is no major difference.
In an ideal world, it should go further, with the principle of less than full reciprocity to all NAMA negotiations, or reduced subsidies for sensitive products.
In the same way, we should also like to discuss working together on the procedure for the forthcoming selection of the Commission, and in other similar areas.
Once finalised, the Commission will present them to the Member States and the stakeholders within the Social Protection Committee.
Suffice to say, on the legal basis for the establishment of Parliament, I have nothing to add to my previous answer.
I believe that if an official European expert agency elevates political interests above professionalism and impartiality, it should be abolished.
It feeds more than 500 million people, farms and looks after more than 170 million hectares of arable land and pasture, it provides many jobs in areas upstream and downstream, is an important buttress of rural areas and is already the most sustainable agricultural sector in the world.
It is therefore important that this target be imposed as binding on all EU Member States.
I note that the Commission document - the so-called 'Penelope' document - uses the term 'institutional law' for its English-language version, which is at least a little clearer.
In Ireland, according to the Supreme Court decision some time ago in the "X" case, where there is real and substantial risk to the life of the mother and when this risk could only be averted by the termination of her pregnancy, such a termination is lawful.
It is true that we also need to clarify further the use of the Structural Funds, which leads me on to say that Mr Cramer's comment is justified and that, in some cases, we need to be more careful about how the Structural Funds are used.
   I should like to highlight a problem that is very distressing in human terms: that of the adoption of Romanian children by European couples.
I would like to express my gratitude to Commissioner Piebalgs, who during the Russia-Ukraine gas crisis made use of the European Union’s influence early enough to prevent an energy crisis in Europe.
Similarly, I think the General Assembly of the Council of Europe made a significant contribution to ascertaining a truth that has now been proven: there have been thousands of flights, there have been dozens of kidnappings, and there has been direct involvement of European governments and EU intelligence services.
This proposal for a directive has been blocked in the Council since November 2007.
- the existence of a wide network of agricultural SMEs and an agricultural policy promoting more sustainable production methods, notably as regards water and soil use, is a vital precondition for fighting the effects of drought and forest fires;
We must, however, come to an agreement with the Council as regards CFSP.
They are now serving 20 years in prison.
We are planning to spend money on vanity projects like the Museum of European History, the probable purpose of which will be to rewrite history.
By taking responsibility for following through the ratification process of the Lisbon Treaty, by directing the efforts being made by the 27 Member States to meet the challenges Europe has to face in terms of energy and climate change, growth and employment, by continuing the integration process of the Western Balkans, by contributing through your initiatives to the European Year of Intercultural Dialogue, which will provide the chance to reaffirm the values of openness, tolerance and dialogue that are at the heart of the European project, the Slovenian Presidency is showing that the countries that have joined the EU since 2004 are now familiar not only with the EU's institutional affairs, but also with its internal functioning and the way Europe asserts its interests at international level.
Openness would liven up the debate in the Council, because people often come and read prepared documents.
That is something we have to get to grips with.
The prior conditions are present for our being able to obtain a satisfactory budget by the end of the year.
I would like to remind you all that over a year ago Parliament approved the proposal I made to the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs and Industrial Policy that a deficit of 3 % should be viewed within the context of the whole economic cycle, not from one moment to the next.
That is why we are now proposing, for instance, unbundling.
He publicly humiliated himself and France along with him.
We preferred the Commission’s proposal, which did not eliminate the legal basis of international trade policy, Article 133.
I am certain that the idea of establishing a European rail network for competitive freight is justified and necessary.
The inadequacy of this system of subjective liability and the lack of an automatic mechanism for adjusting the amount of compensation paid have given rise to unilateral action on the part of many signatory states, whereby the limits established have been raised.
We need to work fast because peace needs to be nurtured and, in Darfur, in addition to the desertification and poverty, thousands and thousands of people are waiting to be able to return home in safety.
However, we must not forget that the role of Parliament is limited.
Nor will there be any compulsory testing in this connection.
This infrastructure is needed to take swift and effective action at local level when floods or fires occur.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I used to be the rapporteur for the Green Paper on support for the audio-visual production industry in Europe and that was a long time ago.
We need a more flexible EU budget, where each year we can secure funding for essential needs.
That is a point that we should like to take up.
We are at our highest level in terms of civilisation and in terms of weapons, more so than in the Cold War, which is a far cry from pragmatic policies moving towards demilitarisation.
With the enlargement of the euro area around the corner, continuity is the overriding consideration.
in writing. - (PT) Within the framework of the current arms race and militarisation of international relations, in which the US, NATO and EU are playing a central role, any initiative that - even if in a limited and insufficient way - contributes to restricting arms exports will be a step in the right direction.
Lastly, you know someone by the friends they keep, and last week allegedly Osama bin Laden himself, as well as President Ahmadinejad of Iran, endorsed the Islamist agenda of Hamas in their so-called Holy War against Israel.
We should bear this well-known economic truth in mind particularly today, when most politicians assume that public finance deficits will be resolved through higher taxes, in other words, on the revenue side of the budget rather than through major cuts in spending.
This is in no way a party political issue for us.
Nor do I agree that synthetic drugs are mainly to be found only in music circles.
However, we must be clear on one point: although we did talk in Lisbon of the new economy, we cannot divide the economy into a new economy and an old economy.
Once again let me congratulate the rapporteur, Mr Vakalis, on his excellent report.
Putting pressure on the President in fact affects not only him personally, but also the many millions of citizens of the countries of Europe who have announced serious reservations about this document.
I would also like to point out that, of course, as general rapporteur, I hope we will be able, by working together, to adopt the 2011 budget successfully and efficiently, and I hope we will adopt it in such a way as to be able to implement Union policy from the beginning of January in accordance with what was decided in 2006 and in accordance with what we have been working on, too, for the whole of this year.
It is less well known that the famous Petofi circle, whose activities are considered as one of the trigger factors of the movement, was formed on the initiative of young communists.
We also ask that our attitude be guided solely by the desire to serve the people and, in that context, want the United States to be tried for human rights violations, as well as the Member States of the European Union found guilty of complicity.
However, the tricks that the Spanish authorities are getting up to for certain products, in terms of incongruity, discrimination and distortion of competition, have nothing to do with protecting local production, although they would certainly ensure full employment for lawyers, because the victims, such as producers of rum, gin and vodka in Spain itself, will not take this lying down.
Parliament should not be constrained by the fact that former senior Communist Party members from Eastern Europe currently sit on the Commission.
Since the entry into force of the Treaty of Lisbon, the European Parliament has made a major contribution to the efforts to conclude these agreements, and therefore it must be fully and regularly informed of any developments relating to PNR data.
This is not consistent.
President-in-Office of the Council. - Mr President, last evening we had an extremely fruitful discussion in this House on the appointment process for the chairs and executive directors of the new supervisory agencies.
Harm reduction sounds innocent enough, as if it meant reducing damage, but, if used wrongly, may conceivably become a tool for those who wish to legalise drugs.
As recently as 1995, the Russians mistook a Norwegian test rocket for American nuclear weapons and went onto a full-scale war footing in Russia.
The Democratic Movement delegation welcomes the adoption of a report allowing the simplification of some provisions of the European Regional Development Fund, the European Social Fund and the Cohesion Fund.
In both cases, the deadline for alternative joint motions for resolutions is this evening, which means that it is technically impossible to vote on these texts tomorrow.
I therefore think that the logical step for me, as rapporteur, is to re-table these amendments in the plenary.
Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf has the floor.
I think that that will become a popular quotation in the coming months.
(PT) Mr President, the foreign, security and defence policies of the European Union are principally policies in defence of the economic and geostrategic interests of the European powers.
So European culture has learnt something from China, and I hope that will continue to apply in future.
Since then, natural resources have diminished, but we made great technological advances and learned to make more efficient use of raw materials and energy, harnessing resources which we could not have dreamed of fifty years ago.
I voted in favour of concluding this EU-Jordan agreement whose goal is establishing a mechanism for settling disputes under the trade provisions of the Euro-Mediterranean agreements.
In order to ensure transparency of the use of funds, the European Transparency Initiative should be implemented in its fullest.
We must restart capital flows and capital transfers.
It is also something that the Council, as an institution, has not discussed and I therefore cannot give you an answer on behalf of the Council.
Whatever our opinions, we all agree on the importance of this debate and of the ideas it allows us to develop prior to enlargement.
We cannot vote in favour of the proposal because there is a danger that, in its present form, it will interfere with Denmark's special bargaining model, whereby information and consultation are regulated in agreements on cooperation committees concluded between the social partners.
This action, which enabled us to get a better feel for the economic, political and ethical challenges of this dossier, has delivered results.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I shall be abstaining from the vote on this motion for a resolution because I find it somewhat contradictory.
I am personally responsible for six teenage girls and two teenage boys.
So once again, it is very understandable that that health policy is pursued in Sweden.
If you go out and talk to people in EU countries you get the impression that the most important thing is to 'milk' the EU of its money and to get hold of any EU subsidies available.
We are therefore going to begin with the vote on Amendment No 27.
In Geneva, and elsewhere, the EU should take every opportunity in a united way to express its displeasure.
Nor did the Commission fall over backwards to act.
In this way, we shall, in the future, too, have a considerable responsibility for the Palestinian refugees.
Well, of course, that fails to take into account the need to address the question of the dangers that may be posed by the dorsal root ganglia and the removal of the vertebral column is specifically directed to that particular point.
It should also support the United Nations so that Morocco does not continue to obstruct the resolution of the conflict.
Belligerence between Spanish and Irish fishermen and the destruction of fishing gear inside the Irish Box have recently been reported.
Mr President, I hope the procedure used to appoint the board of the European Central Bank will never be repeated.
The European Union must make special efforts to maintain stability in the entire region of the Western Balkans and give substance to their European perspectives.
We have already discussed at length the arrangements between the Canadian and Russian Governments in relation to this.
That is why we are still far from answering the question of how European Union farmers should make a living in the future.
Your Director-General, Katherine Day, joined us a fortnight ago and told us the same thing, that this thematic strategy would be in place in July.
As we know, there are instances of parliamentary immunity which cover solely the actual penalty; one can be prosecuted and judged, therefore, but not punished.
I voted for Mr Provera's report on 'Migration flows arising from instability: scope and role of EU foreign policy'.
The Commission's proposal for a new tariff quota for certain fish species merits support, but more desirable still, in all honesty, is a doubling of the quota for sea bass and sea bream, as the rapporteur proposes.
This does of course depend on the right framework conditions being in place, and also on gender mainstreaming - or, to put it in comprehensible terms, equality of opportunity for men and women.
There are no other supplementaries on that question, so we will move on to the next question.
Mr President, I shall finish there.
I believe that we have been truly successful since, during conciliation, the Council did in fact agree to several things: that the management of the EU budget be centralised, that is to say, that it be managed at European level; that the Commission double its resources for the management of the environment, that is to say, that there be an increase from 1% to 2%; that 50% of the budget be allocated to biodiversity and to environmental protection; and, finally, that it be possible for the 2007 budget to be applied this year and for NGOs to obtain financial resources starting this year.
Of course there will be events and developments that crowd in on us.
But I do not want to pursue this further, otherwise I will be making the same mistake you made, namely concentrating on this question.
It has become abundantly clear that we need monitoring systems, but above all that we need to guard against the causes of woodland decline.
The battle that milk producers have been fighting, which goes beyond their immediate aims - to sell their produce at prices that ensure their survival - also has a broader meaning and importance that have to do with the kind of agriculture that we want in the future.
There will be no genuine elections, just as there is no genuine local government in Belarus.
Opening of annual session
We are the ones on trial: it is not the Council that is being put to the test today but Parliament.
Perhaps more emphasis should be given than has been given in this resolution to the fact that one of the aspects of this dangerousness is the policy of unilateralism and, above all, the new American doctrine with regard to unilateralism.
I am pointing this out because I believe that our support for the Commission also has to lead to continuity in the work carried out throughout the legislature.
I cannot put your proposal to the vote because you should have submitted it earlier so that it could have been debated, or at least submitted it prior to the fixing of the agenda.
Unemployment, social exclusion and the danger of future imbalance in the social security systems, are problems which are exacerbated by the unavoidable challenges of globalisation, an ageing population, technological changes, demographic slowdown and the increasing incorporation of women in the workplace.
In the first instance, it is the first time in the European Union's history that binding European legislation has been adopted to combat human trafficking.
In some respects I think the points that she made in the latter part of her supplementary question are matters that should be put to the domestic administrations both in Ireland and perhaps in Spain.
In Poland, for example, we have a paradoxical situation.
We understand the mentality and customs of our neighbours and are ready to help export the values of the European Union to our new neighbours.
These include not the absolutely essential democratic control over activities that come under the third pillar, and in particular over Europol and Eurojust activities.
Lastly, setting up public oil stock bodies would impose substantial costs on the Member States whereas the European Commission would increase its intervention capacity for managing these stocks.
We have seen historic events in Tunisia and Egypt and ongoing violence in Libya, and we also know of protests which continue in Yemen, Bahrain and elsewhere.
And you will see that it doesn't.
That is the European Union’s only option.
I do not consider the composition of the Commission to be ideal.
Could the Commission assess any results attained by the talks so far?
I am informed when I take a closer look that the information is in fact quite higgledy-piggledy with bits coming from here and there and no clear, proper economic and biological picture emerging.
Commissioner, thank you for that response.
In doing so, the government should rely on Montenegro's civil society, free-thinking intellectuals and non-governmental organisations.
But for now we have to apply the existing Treaty, and you know, just as I do, that it is not for the Commission to change the Treaty.
Of the key areas of the strategy, education and access to education must be highlighted.
That was, Commissioner, a point that I found weak in the Commission's proposal.
Not my Group, though; we have always submitted the relevant amendments.
Potential supplementary costs would be ECU 85 million.
(For results and other details of the vote: see Minutes)
I am saddened that the Ladies in White are not here.
I just rang a certain Finnish person who brought a Mercedes, registered in 1995 and bought in Germany, into Finland.
   – Voting time is over.
We are talking about the powers of the European Union and of the Commission, not about social security.
Personally, I do not think that Parliament can accept this.
I am not giving up on my dream to enable my children and their children to at least say: "Vive la République d'Europe!”
It is no wonder that we did, for this issue is worth arguing about.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (NL) Mr President, the Stubb report is disappointing for more than one reason.
The Commission will also promote cooperation between film archives.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I appreciate the EU's negotiating attempts as regards confirming the right to self-determination and I support the synergy of the IAEA's Iran plan of action.
Mr President, Commissioner, we have just concluded a debate on the problems involving BSE - problems connected with food production in which profit interests may be very important and drive production tremendously hard.
The burden has already been shared within the EU.
For the above reasons, I voted in favour of this resolution approving the conclusion of the agreement.
Paradoxically, even those countries which want to be seen as a driving force for European integration sometimes act against the collective interests of the Union.
For this reason, there was no compensation, and the technical measures cannot be taken into account for the calculation of MAGPs.
Mr President, may I request, if the Members agree, that we vote en bloc on all the proposed amendments to the resolution on Nicaragua, given that they all go in the same direction.
Decisions on child and family policy proper are taken at national level.
What I can say is that it is very difficult for a minister who has inherited such a situation to seek to restore life to these areas.
Acceptance would require the marking of cadavers, including pet animals, and 1.2 billion tonnes of manure.
This proposal is well balanced and calls for a wide range of instruments to be developed to deter people from breaching the rules, including individual liability, transparency and accountability of firms, the right of defence and due process.
Like everyone else in this House, I hope and expect that the sow stalls proposal will go through on Thursday.
In highlighting the importance of sexual and reproductive health and rights, sensitivity needs to be shown to the divergent attitudes on issues such as abortion in our Member States.
It is something that we all want.
Each of the Baltic States must also be offered equal opportunities to negotiate membership of the EU.
Mr President, did I really understand you to say that the Belgian state informed you, the President of the European Parliament, that it could not guarantee the security of sittings in this Chamber?
The next item is the report (A5­0030/2000) by Mr Viceconte, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the communication from the Commission: 'Enhancing tourism' s potential for employment - follow-up to the conclusions and recommendations of the High Level Group on Tourism and Employment' [COM(1999)0205 - C5-0112/1999 - 1999/2115(COS)].
Let me conclude by thanking most warmly all those who have helped and supported me.
5.
This House even decided that it was necessary to proceed to a new vote on Mr Prodi as the decision was taken on 4 May.
No-one can deny the benefits funds have brought to poor communities in industrial, urban and rural areas.
I think the Commission has some courageous officials, by whom I definitely do not mean Mrs Andreassen, but courageous officials who put the question of Eurostat on the agenda and have sought to solve this problem through internal channels.
The EU must endeavour to put pressure on Ankara so as to ensure that the conditions are met for a viable public and democratic debate.
The Member States signed this Convention from the Council of Europe on the assumption that the EU as an institution would also do so.
(PL) Mr President, when debating the European Union's enlargement strategy, we should consider our vision a common Europe.
We wanted a political programme and legislative programme and Parliament to be associated with that.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner, today, as in 1972, we are proposing general cooperation or financial aid for the Mediterranean, this time of course at somewhat higher levels.
In addition to the term 'solidarity', it is also important to involve the expected climate change and its potential implications in drafts of risk management plans for floods, so as to prepare ourselves for the future in the best way we can.
I am sorry, Mr President, but I must make a complaint regarding the fact that Portuguese was the only language for which interpretation was not provided during the speech by the President-in-Office of the Council. I find this totally unacceptable.
You have a praesidium which is not there pro forma, because it is a praesidium which counts.
At this point, the rapporteur's views concerning the town or city being able to choose a method to achieve set objectives is sensible and I would like to express my support for these views.
However, I would particularly like to explain why I supported the proposals for amendments tabled by Mr Virrankoski and Mr Mulder.
I would also like to say something on the subsequent text which relates to the organizations.
It initiated a crucial innovation, namely the building of flat-bottomed boats, which do not require rivers to be widened for their use.
The fact is that a number of them have managed perfectly well by creating and developing their Research and Development service, by creating new markets and by managing to relocate part of their activities.
The international carbon market partnership (ICAP) with US states and Canadian provinces, which I signed on behalf of the European Union in Lisbon on 29 October, brings together partners who are actively pursuing the implementation of carbon markets through mandatory cap and trade systems.
My colleague Mr Kusstatscher says that the Council's attitude during that dialogue was not exactly what we might have expected.
In my view, the first key question is what financial resources we should allocate to the cohesion policy.
And it needs to be said.
What we need to do now is not to create more new European civil service posts, but simply to reorganise the management procedures and make them more efficient.
No, indeed: administration is one thing, but the political function of this Parliament is something else entirely.
My second point is perhaps a slight criticism of the Commission relating to the part of the proposal where the Commission says it should apply to matters that are as yet undefined.
As a new Commission, we would like to take a short time to look at the situation and your amendments, in order to be as sure as we can be that we get things right.
Our common objectives are, of course, to improve the competitiveness of our economy in the Baltic Sea area, taking particular account of the promotion of small and medium-sized enterprises and of a common energy policy which also takes account of renewable energies.
This case is a perfect example of the impact on individuals of the quality or otherwise of European integration.
It is essential that all European workers know that Europe supports them in their involvement in the life of their company, in their daily lives as workers, and especially at the present time.
This lack of clarity relates to the definition and exclusion of services in general and services of general economic interest in particular.
I shall remind you that the Commission is going to be approving the Objective 2 zoning plans for France, Sweden, Austria and Luxembourg tomorrow.
Disappointingly, however, there has been little tangible progress on the nomination of judges to the Constitutional Court.
Their main task will be to provide information on the technical rules in use in other Member States.
Thank you very much, Mrs Bonino.

The reason given, and also outlined by my colleague Mr Elles, is that we believe that this will pre-empt discussions with accession states.
Consumers have the right to know where the products - be it window frames or paper products - come from.
On Bosnia, to which I turn secondly, Mr Cohn-Bendit is absolutely right to say that the Dayton Agreement has failed.
The culture of prevention must be insistent, to the point of boredom.
I believe that this cooperation between the Council of Europe and the European Parliament points the way for future cooperation in the defence of human rights.
Worst of all, the report attempts to give personal and other data collection a legal basis, considering it a legitimate tool in helping to develop an EU security and defence policy to serve the needs of the rapid reaction force, to fight "terrorism" etc. It also considers that collaboration is needed with the intelligence services of the Member States of the ÅU.
However, it is patently clear that they are unable to replace the nuclear facilities in the short and medium term.
(The President cut the speaker off)
This is still a rather tender sapling which needs our undivided attention.
First of all, my sincere thanks to Mr Kreissl-Dörfler.
It is a historic moment.
My appeal is for the European Parliament to schedule an urgent debate about the textiles and clothing sector in the various Member States.
Among the three priority areas is the fight against corruption.
No final decision can be made on the issue of whether interim measures can be sought until those papers have been filed.
The third generation agreements - that with Chile, still in force, dates back to 1990 - put emphasis on political support to the processes of democratisation, stability and regional integration.
Mr President, the fourth annual report of the European Observatory for small and mediumsized enterprises is an important subject of debate, providing a snapshot of the position in crafts and small and medium-sized firms and appropriate measures for effective development which can contribute to the creation of jobs.
Those who are now calling for new alternatives are treating as worthless the decisions democratically reached in most of the Member States of the European Union.
I shall finish by saying that the EU must also make Rabat understand that it is in Morocco’s interest to end the illegal occupation of Western Sahara.
I share Mr Byrne's concern at the delay which has taken place within the Committee on Legal Affairs.
Consequently, I think we should use the World Trade Organisation to look at the problem of the internal market which, aside from its economic dimension, is very important to European citizens and to their cultural pursuits within Europe.
(ES) Mr President, I shall be very brief.
Nevertheless, let us not go too far by making Parliament the seat of a future 'government of the parties'.
While I believe that my personal life has always been, and continues to be, rooted in love, I accept that it may cause genuine offence to my colleagues.
   . Mr Straw, Mr Barroso, I have three remarks to make in response to your speech, Mr Straw.
It is my conviction that combating harassment at work is a matter for the Member States.
(NL) Given the late hour at which we are discussing this, you might think that our own budget does not tolerate daylight.
In spite of the many and varied efforts made by Mr Sterckx, we have also voted against his report on safety.
In the mean time, we are left in a sort of limbo, repeating again and again how important relations with Russia are.
I could not vote in favour of the Conservative Party amendment to freeze the budget at 2011 levels because I firmly believe it is a reduction that is needed, and their stand represents a weak starting point for negotiations.
It has become the outward expression of one of the happiest periods in our long European history.
That being so, I wish to congratulate Mrs Fontaine who has produced work of high quality.
   – Madam President, I believe that enlargement should mainly be a procedure of resetting and renewing the objective of a Europe of democracy, solidarity and peace.
These misunderstandings have now clearly been dispelled.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I feel as if some of us always expect some kind of sensation.
Mr Vidal-Quadras, chairman of that information group, stressed it in a letter addressed personally to Commissioner Vitorino.
In this respect, it recalls the huge job potential and cost reduction benefits that energy efficiency improvements are expected to yield.
Madam President, I share Mr Smith's viewpoint on these matters but I would like to return briefly to the Rules, the implementing measures, the procedures or the diktat from the Bureau.
The right is also recognised of Member States to draft and implement specific provisions in this area.
That involves adapting messages and matching national and local concerns – instead of taking a ‘one-size-fits-all’ approach – and conveying them as close to the citizen as possible.
We hear the Council making fine statements about what Europe has to do, and when its members – your fellow Heads of State or Government – go home, they forget the undertakings they gave to Europe and answer only to their national publics.
It is already employed widely in the transport sector.
Why?
I now turn to three specific issues.
Let me underline once again that this directive will only apply to new buses and will not threaten double-decker buses or Routemaster buses.
Will words be matched by deeds?
   Mr President, Commissioner, unfortunately I cannot really defend my report on support for networks at European level in the field of culture.
That is not the case.
We are all aware that Libya is persisting in a dictatorial regime, and is systematically violating international conventions on fundamental rights and freedoms.
The Commission is considering the possibility of introducing a temporary suspension of the application of the Dublin provisions for an overburdened Member State and also creating teams of asylum experts who may be called upon by these somewhat overburdened Member States.
This part of the budget will finally come within the reach of Parliament, and I am looking forward to that, I can tell you.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would first like to congratulate the rapporteur on her report and to say very simply, given the late hour, that the Commission supports the Franco-Swedish initiative to create a European crime prevention network.
Firstly, it can support flexible, up-to-date and effective systems for the training and retraining of working people so as to keep pace with developments; and, secondly, it can put emphasis on language education, which also encourages the mobility of working people, especially in the context of the common market.
Second, I should like to say that even a country which has a perfect domestic policy and makes no mistakes could be affected by the crisis, due to the contagion effect.
   – Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, if you ask me, today’s debate is a missed opportunity.
I am a little bit surprised that this is very rarely mentioned by Parliament.
Due to the seriousness of these diseases, it is crucial that more is done at EU level in order to tackle these issues.
Without it, an escalation in the conflict would have been very likely, but now the Palestinian decision may increase the mutual trust that is needed for a lasting peace.
A number of measures are required in order to achieve an acceptable environmental solution.
On 1 May the Council took a decision laying down the details of the integration of the Schengen Secretariat into the General Secretariat on the basis of that Article 7.
Their problem is that they have taken on lots of skilled people but their order book has slowed down or, in some places, collapsed.
That is why I personally believe that short sea shipping has real potential - one of you said a great future - and should enable us to reduce congestion on our roads and thus to provide Europe with additional means of mobility.
It also involves maintaining a political dialogue with our main partners to combat situations of real monetary protectionism and situations that threaten the legitimate interests of European producers.
Mr President, my thanks to the Spanish Presidency and to the Commission for their words on this situation.
Certainly, Commissioner, stepping up work with our trading partners is one measure.
The only reasonable thing we must do is to convene an international conference for security and cooperation, where all the global and regional players, together with the local stakeholders, should negotiate and redefine and reinvent the principles of international law in international relations, the role and powers of international organisations, the procedure for dealing with local crises and the system of security guarantees which could meet the specific opportunities, challenges and dangers of our times.
We also welcome the fact that the rapporteur has not repeated the call he made in his previous report on Montenegro for the country's rapid accession to NATO.
Possibly not.
Yes, but following last night's discussion I have understood what that meant and I accept the term.
Our Europe is founded upon values.
We must persevere in our stance in order to increase the pressure on Zimbabwe.
I must say, however, that a number of amendments were also accepted in committee which in our view run counter to the objectives and are indeed at odds with the whole purpose of the exercise.
The Declaration of Principles and Plan of Action must be evaluated by the Commission and Parliament in terms of their implementability.
I agree that after disengagement, it will be important to ensure that momentum is maintained and that both Israel and the Palestinians focus on implementation of the roadmap.
The example of Kosovo shows just how badly we need these capabilities; it also shows that we can act in a coordinated manner under uniform guidance.
What sort of Russia would they like to see by 2020? Between 50% and 70% of them want Russians to be free, secondly educated, thirdly integrated, fourthly respectful of the law, and fifthly in good health.
The requirements of the market operators call for a flexible regulatory procedure.
We are living today through the biggest revolution in the history of the world, with technological telecommunications and transport revolution, as a result of which the world is a much smaller place.
The Commission and the European Council are currently developing a sound method of cooperating in the healthcare area and it would be right for us to be involved in the implementation of this project.
The Transeuropean Networks are an excellent current example, when they are finally completed, distances will become shorter and transport more effective as a result.
Subject: Andalusia and the COM in olive oil
That could mean ending the link between the accessions of Romania and Bulgaria.
The question is about fulfilling commitments: will Romania be able to adopt the that all Member States are obliged to fulfil?
Mr President, my reason for taking the floor in this debate is to repeat to the House the appeal that was made by the participants of the 'Promote Peace' meeting which was organised by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Common Security and Defence Policy on 13 May.
Mr President, perhaps I could point out to Mrs Karamanou that she did not mention the death penalty in Iraq.
The debate is closed.
That demonstrates how important it is to strengthen our dialogue with the US Government.
(LT) Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to talk about the EU 2020 strategy.
Denmark is the Member State which will be most affected by this limitation, which will reduce many fishermen' s potential catches and, in that way, affect their livelihood.
The conditions which I have just mentioned are an integral part of this financing convention, as signed and ratified by the Cambodian authorities last January, at the time of its official signing in Phnom Penh.
Separate counters should be provided for Parliament and the Commission if required, as each European institution must continue to be able to retain and fulfil its responsibilities, irrespective of the amount of cooperation.
There is no such pressure.
   . Mr President, Commissioner, at this point in time, combating terrorism, preventing it and wiping it from the face of the Earth must be the sole priority objective of this European Union’s policies.
Such information could be extremely valuable for the purposes of environmental policy making.
Only by demonstrating cohesion and unity will the Union actually be able to strengthen its role and its influence in the Quartet and within the region, something we very much hope for.
Does this mean that the European Union should increase its defence budgets accordingly?
The Altener programme is a fundamental instrument for the implementation of the Community strategy and action plan for renewable energy sources, through which we aim to achieve our objectives.
I support Mr Barón Crespo' s idea of waiting until we have completed the debate and then finishing with the "Questions to the Council" agenda item.
This initiative enables young people to acquire knowledge, skills and competences which are essential for work and life.
In so far as that is the case, I also hope that we will be able to bring the Budget procedure to a satisfactory conclusion.
If the European Union does not act quickly to redress the balance of this situation, both from a demographic point of view and from a social, economic and political point of view, we will be creating an explosive situation for future generations to deal with.
It makes no proposals at all about what steps should be taken at international level to stop the cloning of human beings.
They, in their turn, have their own bilateral contacts; on some of these occasions, we have been involved and in some not, because we are trying to push from different corners.
This really is good news, given the particular difficulties involved in these negotiations.
Additionally, pilotage, mooring and the handling of cargo, including stowage and trans-shipment, since they are compulsory services, should not be included in the Community Directive liberalising port services, but their regulation should remain under the control of the Member States and their port authorities, for reasons of the safety of maritime traffic.
Following the example of the blood directive and this proposal on tissues and cells, we would like to get the science right first, before tabling a legal instrument in this sensitive area.
We feel that these events are a particularly tragic illustration of the need for a common policy on immigration.
Mr President, with regard to the report on the crisis in the fishing industry, I should like to make a number of comments.
It goes without saying that out of the nine recommendations of the Internal Audit Service (IAS), following an audit on financial management, four are still to be implemented by the Agency.
Furthermore, I believe we must ensure that the crew manning these vessels are highly trained and able to brief passengers on safety procedures in more than one language so that unnecessary loss of life is prevented.
(DE) Mr President, my reason for voting against the Hasse Ferreira report is that we are about to go through a social crash landing, for, while less and less money is being used to top up social security funds, the number of those who are dependent on the state despite being in work is on the increase.
- We are not going to re-open the debate. I would encourage you to continue it in the corridors, if necessary.
I imagine that it is for a point of order.
This is a country that achieved independence a mere 12 years ago.
Israel is being ruled by a man who rides roughshod over international law and who, in the present conflict, continues to pour oil upon the flames.
The rapporteur' s proposed approach is an option that nevertheless needs further improvements for it to be effective with regard to protection of the environment.
The number of votes in favour was much lower than the number of abstentions and of those who, like us, voted against.
The Structural Funds have this democratic approach.
But the real question is how we implement the legislation and what sort of action we take.
We call on the Quartet and on the parties concerned to declare the city of Jerusalem a cultural and religious heritage of mankind.
I believe, fellow Members, that we need to analyse in detail the problems which have been submitted to the Solvit centres so that we can see what we can improve.
In Portugal, between 2005 and 2006, despite identical circumstances, the gender pay gap increased by 8.9% under the current government.
It is also an essential component of the plan for diversifying Europe's fuel supplies.
The EU, as the main provider of development aid, the main investor and the second largest trading partner for Latin America, should systematically consolidate its position in the region.
The rhythm of work already set by the Hungarian Presidency and the comments we have just heard from the Prime Minister are encouraging in this respect.
The fact that it received a unanimous vote in the relevant committee is ample proof of the desire to press ahead with all of these objectives.
I hope that the presidency will have the opportunity to expedite the removal of the remaining difficulties, by bringing fully into play the role and opportunities available through Europol's operational capabilities.
It is AIDS which has taught us these lessons in recent years.
It is important, however, that the issue should be raised once again: the world and our society are changing all the time, and political decisions must stand up to present-day scrutiny.
Nowadays, when we are experiencing ever-growing energy consumption on the one hand, and a lack of technologies to replace the existing energy sources on the other, an overly unidirectional orientation towards renewable sources could paradoxically accelerate the growth of Member States' dependency on energy imports from other countries.
What is needed is a society marked by a new and more potent dispensation in which men show respect for women and for human dignity.
(BG) Thank you, Mr President.
For example, countries must now chart sources of pollution and also include concentrations in sediment and biota.
Recognising, however, the persuasive powers of the rapporteur, the ALDE Group will support him on this point as, I might add, it will support his amendments as a whole.
Number four. Market-based instruments must be given more scope in the post-Kyoto system.
I come from the Cognac region in France and more than 30 % of its production is sold duty-free on the world market.
The European Union does not want the agency to be based in Lausanne, at the headquarters of the International Olympic Committee but, nevertheless, wants to have it in one of the Member States of the European Union.
Therefore, Mr President, I would request a split vote on the one hand on the EPP amendment and then on the addition that Mr Schulz proposes but which I reject.
8.
Without these differences to fuel our debates, these might be a bit boring.
Surely it is possible for Europol and the service providers - perhaps even coordinated by the Commission - to identify some of these people.
- (FR) By way of introduction, let me point out that Directive 79/112 clearly sets out the purpose of food labelling, by stating that the prime concern of all rules on food labelling should be to inform and protect the consumer.
We are against any form of discrimination on grounds of sexual orientation, and we also believe that a person's private life is an exclusively private matter, which must not be criminalised by the state.
In the EU, the Commission reacted immediately, prohibiting the import of fish from Malaysia.
We also agree with the rapporteur in identifying the high rates of inheritance and gift tax applied in the majority of Member States as a brake on property transfer, and deprecating the inadequate consideration of the possibility of transferring property to employees.
I would also add that the amendments accepted by the Commission, following the European Parliament's first reading, have been taken up by the Commission and accepted by the Council.
That also means that the carbon leakage - the displacement of pollution from one place to another - that might otherwise flow from a failure to reach agreement will be avoided.
Finally, I regret that the final agreement did not include any proposals to benefit the ORs, which would in particular have allowed the proceeds of allowance auctions to be used to eliminate the difficulties specific to the outermost regions.
(DE) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in the Austrian Parliament and in the Austrian Federal Government, as well as in my party, the Austrian People's Party, there is broad political will to campaign for a financial transaction tax.
As this amendment will not increase the competences of the Union, all members of the European Council agreed that it was appropriate to use a simplified revision procedure.
In many cases, it was not even privatisation being carried out, but the transfer of assets from the ownership of the Romanian state to the ownership of other states, in other words, nationalisation.
Once the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs has adopted the draft report unanimously with two abstentions, I would ask that we make full use of this opportunity, which we have ourselves created, in plenary sitting.
Both Treaties contribute towards a high level of protection for works and other matters, but offer the public access to the contents of these via electronic networks.
I would like to say, lastly, that the European Union, which voiced its unanimous and urgent condemnation of Monday morning's act at the appropriate time, has also to consider its commitment to and attitude towards North Korea.
Obviously there are problems within our lawmaking process; there are difficulties which we can all recognise and see in our everyday working lives.
The Group of the Party of European Socialists supports the agreement reached with the Council on the directive on investment services and, of course, it also supports the report on the harmonisation of transparency requirements for financial services.
In February 1999, our House expressed its failure to understand this rejection, even if the interests of certain European agricultural producers had to be taken into account.
This is why we do not understand the attitude of the Council which, by not wanting to fill in the details of this programme, is in fact leaving the Commission with all the powers, while Members of the European Parliament will be deprived of any right of review for the next six years.
The first is the stereotypical concentration on economic and social deregulation and privatisation at the expense of social division and destruction which, given the scale of it, are unacceptable.
In its motion, the Agriculture Committee calls for funds to be made available to European farmers in compensation for the extreme weather conditions by, for example, using the surplus in the current marketing year or by creating a disaster relief fund in heading 1b.
It is still not too late.
I would like to thank Mr Goebbels for such a positive picture of Europe.
The Verts/ALE Group supports the Commission or, to be more precise, that part of the Commission that is present in this Chamber, against the Transport DG, and we very much hope that the most important amendments will go through.
They will not be able to do this if they split into their constituent parts.
That is the only way both parents will have an equal say when they decide who takes parental leave after the birth of a child.
Ladies and gentlemen, I invite you to observe a minute' s silence.
With that in mind, Mrs Hedkvist Petersen, I ask you to support our amendment.
Mr President, it was agreed in committee that something should be added to my original amendment, but unfortunately this has not been done.
The common position on Burma first adopted in October 1996 includes a full-scale arms embargo, a ban on the issuing of visas for members of the regime and their families, a ban on defence links and aid except for humanitarian aid and a ban on high-level official visits.
Parliament must be ready to function under the Treaty of Lisbon and, then, we will be able to vote on Mr Barroso and the Treaty of Lisbon, Mr Cohn-Bendit.
It was under the pressure of events that a coordinator was appointed, even though, in fact, there is an underlying idea, an intuition, one that inspired many of us within the Convention itself: the idea that, with regard to matters where the Heads of State or Government are entitled to their say and must be able to cooperate actively with the tools of a European vision, tools that are in the hands of a Commission, better coordination between various European authorities is needed.
A great many Members had asked to speak, and there is no way for me to know in advance what Members’ supplementary questions will relate to when I give them the floor.
I very much regret that politically we have not progressed towards real, practical proposals which promote global co-operation instead of commercial competition, especially as there is such a serious issue at stake here, the health and biological diversity of mankind, not just in the European Union but in the whole world.
This was the first year in Hungary when more people froze to death in unheated flats than in the streets.
Direct and indirect expenditures on medical treatment account for an ever-increasing share of the budgets of the Member States of the European Union.
Only people who have been convicted or suspected of committing a crime should be entered in the personal data register, in order to prevent a 'register breakdown' and any possible loss of integrity, as happened in the case of Schengen's SIS register.
Consultations with Member States are already under way.
We have already seen some indications of fraud here and there.
It was our friends that were meeting with us, perhaps with a higher level of ambition in those areas than we normally voice, but then they have a background that justifies this.
My dear Mr Cohn-Bendit, I would, however, ask you to ensure that, in future, our groups have the time to discuss such an issue in a democratic manner.
There's no way around it.
However, it will not apply to warships, state-owned vessels or other vessels in the service of the state.
The Commission can accept the following amendments: 1, 2, 3, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20 (except paragraph 5a), 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 33, 38, 39, 40, 41 and 42.
On the matter of listeria, this crisis came to a head in 1989 when over 200 babies and young children had been killed in preceding years, far more than died of new variant CJD.
Well, I can tell you that in 1950 France recorded 250, 000 crimes and offences within her territory.
The lesson was learned and the idea of sport as an entertainment, as an industry and as the opium of the impoverished masses of the world, took off.
That is a very serious problem for EU Member States to resolve.
A separate note by way of explanation might be acceptable.
The European Parliament cannot amend the document’s wording, any more than can national parliaments or the voters who will take part in the national referendums.
I shall use all the margins of flexibility and manoeuvre possible, but I am, until 2006, obliged to work within the Berlin framework, and I cannot deviate from this.
These two problems do not just affect two nations but have Europe-wide repercussions.
Some of them – I can mention just a few: British Airways, Air France, Iberia, Lufthansa, Alitalia and KLM, nearly all of them, in fact – have submitted concrete proposals to the relevant offices of the US Administration.
I think we can become much more coherent.
At the same time, it makes sense for all mercury compounds to be covered by the export ban where a substitute is available, which is the case for almost all uses.
For years under national control, cooperating badly, leading to all kinds of obstacles in European air transport.

That is all.
Small and medium-sized agricultural enterprises are experiencing a restriction in the utilisation and cultivation of arable and grazing land as a result of the directive. This means indirectly a reduction in the value of this land.
There are issues about private contracts that you are concerned about, but on public duties you are far ahead of the game.
Firstly, as Mrs Gebhardt stated, in the version currently under examination, the rules on the protection of personal data have been extended and improved.
On the other hand, districts which have not been affected by the storms will also suffer, as the National Forestry Office has decided to freeze cuts in forestation for four years.
The key message of Mrs Járóka's report is that the prohibition and complete elimination of discrimination is far from being enough to solve this, I repeat, European problem.
Can I ask the President-in-Office of the Council whether the Swedish Presidency plans to issue a statement on the matter before the end of June?
This is actually already happening here and now.
We will have many opportunities to discuss this again, because there are many problems.
The Commission is satisfied with the present provision in the common position, which talks of the Community dimension of the environmental objective which the non-governmental organisation should promote within the Community.
The online portal, with all of the necessary administrative information, is only functioning in 22 states, and of these 22, it is only possible to carry out the necessary procedures electronically in 14 of them.
One consequence of antibiotics being misused as a result of poor animal husbandry is that what, during the last 60 years, have been simple infections are now - and, above all, will be in the future - significantly more serious when antibiotics are no longer available to us.
If that is true about anything, it is true about this controversial, complex subject.
For some here, a massive reduction in working time is the universal remedy for all problems.
We very much believe that there need to be minimum standards.
Democratic control is being side-lined, inasmuch as national governments are hiding behind the Commission and the Troika on the most basic measures, while the Commission is referring these matters to the national governments.
And so I think it would have been a shame not to have his enlightened opinion today, as his experience with satellites is certainly broader than all of ours.
Another problem is the overlapping of functions.
But do we need continued increase in interest rates?
I would mention the progress made in improving the management of our external borders, in developing the second Schengen Information System (SIS II) and the Visa Information System (VIS), as well as the adoption, after three years of negotiations, of the directives on family reunification and long-term residency.
rapporteur. - (DE) Mr President, Commissioner, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, first I want to thank the Commission and the Council Presidency for the solidarity they have expressed regarding the German tourists in Turkey.
It specifies the necessary coordination between LEADER + and Community cooperation and partnership programmes such as INTERREG, PHARE, Sapard or MEDA.
Mr President, some Members of this Parliament keep wanting to link issues relating to social disadvantage to the euro.
The Portuguese Minister for the Economy and Innovation, Manuel Pinho, has himself confirmed how very important it is to ensure the viability of this company.
Finally, I believe that the European Union is both entitled and obliged to play a major part in ensuring the success of the post-Bonn compact.
(During the vote on the amendments, Mr Falconer requested the floor several times)
Nonetheless, we must not deny that there are problems and faults in the structure and operation of many investment vehicles, alternative investments included.
We each have our own political views, but as far as sport is concerned, all those views have a single common denominator.
Are you prepared to play your part in speeding this voting up?
It is an area of particular concern to me personally and to the Irish presidency because we value the social solidarity that is the central feature of the European project in Ireland.
I hope that this will provide a solid basis for discussions and an agreement by the budgetary authority before the end of this year.
They are continuing with the intergovernmental cooperation which we have on more than one occasion characterised as undemocratic, a kind of intermediate pillar which as Mr Brok has already said is unacceptable. But it is not just there.
A delegation from the Committee on Development and Cooperation visited Burundi between 22 and 27 June of last year.
But, on the other hand, we also recognize the equally legitimate concern of those who do not wish to have foreign models of worker involvement imposed upon them.
The statements made by the Iranian President on Israel have been unambiguously and strongly condemned by the EU and the international community as a whole.
We intend to coordinate national and EU control activities and to combine the funds earmarked for the purpose.
I believe that Europe's institutions need to be effective and efficient.
What will happen to a place like Scotland, which I represent here?
European Member States need to collude and pool their separate specialisms and create a system of 'benchmarking'.
I mention this because today, the United Nations Secretary General, Mr Kofi Annan is in Cyprus.
Expulsion from university means that a person's education comes to an abrupt end.
Let me conclude by thanking the shadow rapporteurs for their excellent cooperation, and also my fellow Members in all political groups who have improved my original proposal through their interventions and amendments.
Creating new structures for the sake of it is not an option; making better use of the vast existing European capacity in a coordinated and articulated manner is the way forward.
(NL) Mr President, I have a question for Mrs Schroedter.
But there are two aspects that I want to emphasize again.
That the political elites in Europe, in our name, have abandoned this path does not mean, however, that we have become better people or that our society is more humane.
What we need from the Commission is a new system.
The consequences of this ill-conceived security strategy on the part of the Israeli Government will provide a fertile breeding ground for creating another generation of terrorists rather than effectively tackling the problem.
It is right that we should focus on methods which we are unfortunately not applying in other areas, namely, using labelling to help the consumer choose energy-efficient products, and, at the same time, to spur competition in more efficient appliances.
I do not consider that liberalisation will have negative implications for employment, for the lower cost of energy will allow companies more room for development and create a greater number of jobs than are lost with the end of the monopolies.
My feeling is that if we leave this we turn a blind eye to the interests of the small and the poor and I do not think that Europe would be fulfilling its duties.
Vice-President of the Commission. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I too believe that this evening's debate has been of considerable political significance.
Romania is a Member State of the European Union, NATO, the Council of Europe, the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe and respects, in accordance with European standards, human rights and the rights of persons belonging to national minorities.
Considering the most up-to-date scientific knowledge at that point, we laid down the strictest requirements anywhere in the world for toys through European legislation.
   Mr President, I am informed that on 29 December 2003, at approximately 2 a.m., the Casal Jaume I Cultural Centre in Russafa, a district of Valencia, was attacked by persons unknown.
A week ago, as the minister has said, the General Affairs Council appointed Mr Léotard as the European Union' s resident envoy, in Skopje, under the authority of Mr Solana.
What she is saying that Mr Barroso stated was not hypocrisy.
For this reason, negotiations should not begin too hastily, but should be examined with due care, paying particular attention to the different traditions and lifestyle.
A future that will need to tread extremely carefully as regards the enlargement of Europe to include other countries, and, more importantly, as regards immigration, which is a massive problem in terms of the future of Europe and should, I believe, be addressed not only within the framework of national governments, but also under a common policy by the European Union.
The first objective is to collect, process and disseminate medical data, information, practices and knowledge from all sources.
The legislative co-decision procedure was used in an exemplary manner and I would like to give my very warm congratulations to all those who helped to achieve this outcome.
Finally, on a lighter note, with regard to institutional reform, I would like to inform Mr Barón Crespo and the other four group chairmen that I replied to their letters on 5 December and that my response bears the reference number 850511.
We can say, in general terms, that the results achieved in 2009 are better than the previous results.
Some of these can be big projects used for power stations, others can be small projects for local heating plants and for schools and hospitals.
As regards the Presidency, we are naturally counting on all Member States, the Commission and, of course, the European Parliament, to support Iceland in this endeavour. It is essential that we maintain the impetus of the work and thereby move the negotiations forward as much as possible while still in this half-year.
The Socialist Group in the European Parliament will judge the Presidency on its ability to release a realistic, but more generous, financial perspective.
They are not mutually exclusive; they are complementary.
   – Mr President, Commissioner, allow me too to congratulate the rapporteur, John Bowis, because with his systematic work and the results of it, as contained in this report, he has highlighted the importance of mental health and the policies which we must apply.
Mr President, Mrs Wemheuer writes in her report that 'ever since...1989...the European Commission has withheld relevant information from Parliament, and...the Court of Auditors, provided information only after unjustified delays and, at times, provided misleading information.'
The European Council must face up to its responsibilities and carry forward, as part of a decision taken at the UN involving the Arab League and the African Union, the project to impose a no-fly zone so as to prevent Colonel Gaddafi's air force from massacring his people.
The French Presidency' s objective is to achieve the adoption of the new multiannual regulation for MEDA soon and it will in particular be listening to the European Parliament on this subject.
Every year that I have been here in the European Parliament we have commented on the problems the independent authorities have with regard to planning, implementing the budget, public procurement, reporting and so on, and, unfortunately, it looks like we will have to do the same thing again this year.
No matter what some of our fellow Members may claim, the Italian Republic functions as it should in Europe, democratically and in accordance with the rule of law.
There will also be totally new demands on general administration, which is why it is absolutely necessary to extend Activity Based Budgeting and Activity-Based Management to parliamentary administration also.
If the Council and the Commission follow this line of thinking, it will completely negate the non-military purpose of the system and will, of course, be an addition to the European Union's arsenal in its interventions against the people.
We also want to see fewer regulations being imposed on European industry as a result of red tape.
So let me take this opportunity of saying how grateful I am for European solidarity.
We must conduct relations with Russia on the basis of the interests of our own Member States and not on hypocritical outbursts.
I hope that it will be just as clear in plenary.
It is wrong to try and hide such an important area which is so crucial to the future of the European Union beneath a gentlemen's agreement between Parliament and the Council in a budget over which only the Council has any influence.
In doing so, the Socialists want to protect the European social model.
The Commission had advised the Council to make explicit reference to the Interinstitutional Agreement, and particularly to Article 25.
In other words, a strategy for employment but also a strategy which liberates investment is our recommendation.
The European human rights policy, and in particular women's rights, must on no account be up for consideration as a result of economic and geopolitical interests.
That, I think, is what our cooperation here in this House should be like.
Applause
It does not refer to the recognition of the Palestinian government or to the release of thousands of Lebanese and Palestinian detainees in Israeli prisons.
It is strange that we who are opposed to the draft Constitution are to pay for its publication so that it can also be read.
As far as the Treaty of Amsterdam is concerned, I am very pleased that the Council still has to achieve unanimity on social security issues, but I would rather it was not just Great Britain and Germany doing the blocking.
The enlarged European Union is generating great hopes, not only among the old Member States, but also among the new countries joining the European Union.
It must be said that the cooperation between these two neighbouring towns is much closer and more significant in terms of results than that elsewhere.
It is dishonest; it is designed purely to stop there being referendums in Member State countries.
We wait with hope for the final ratifications of the treaty.
By mistake, Recital A says there is "no Community legislation on feeding in electricity from renewable sources of energy' .
It is therefore important for the budget to enshrine the obligation for strict management.
An effort should also be made by the Commission which, in turn, wished to increase that allocation to 60 ECU million.
Many thanks, Mr Piecyk!
It is an expression of national culture and national identity.
I should also like to call on the Commission to pay particular attention to the discrimination suffered by Christians and Christian churches in Muslim countries.
And that is what we intend, once again: to introduce competition into the large ports - I would insist - in a regulated manner, providing social and safety guarantees.
Eighty-eight percent of the population are in need of food aid, there is a lack of essential medical supplies in the hospitals, and thousands of tons of aid cannot be brought into Gaza because not enough trucks are being allowed in.
In addition, they need to strive to introduce two concrete measures in the aforementioned areas, in order to set an example for the rest of the world.
As we heard, this House, in an own-initiative report a few weeks ago, spoke out in favour of State aid for disadvantaged regions being continued until 2013.
Nor is there a true dialogue with the Council and the Commission in which Parliament says something, the Council or Commission responds and then we have the chance of a second round.
After all we have known for a long time, from our experience with monetary convergence, that such criteria are necessary if we are to move in the same direction.
It should be a cause of concern to anyone who supports motor-boat and sailing sports, knowing that more and more people enjoy these sports and leisure activities, that they are practised in as environmentally-friendly a manner as possible.
There is very great suffering among those who lose a family member as a result of a car accident.
The Committee on Legal Affairs has improved the proposal considerably here, but there is still one noticeable shortcoming from my point of view. We are currently too obsessed with 'clicking' on buttons.
The mission went to Kiev.
It is also important that the EU leads the way in establishing fundamental rights for the approximately 660 million people world-wide who have some form of disability - almost 10% of the planet's population.
I insist on the fact that, over time, it is imperative for the differences between the major infrastructures and the other categories of roads to diminish, especially in the new Member States.
It became necessary to introduce the amendments to the Rules of Procedure in order to take into account the arrival of 18 new Members, the increase in legislative powers and the new budgetary procedure which puts Parliament on an equal footing with the Council.
The organisation and funding of health care systems is a matter decided at the national level and should remain so in future.
Firstly, I believe that in principle, donations must remain voluntary.
Stop playing with our food.
I agree with his proposals: strengthening the commitment towards human rights, protecting nature and the environment, combating poverty and strengthening the European Economic and Social Committee (ECOSOC).
Furthermore, I believe that Mr Rehder's report has the merit of showing how the real needs of the countries that lay behind the Berlin Wall are not in any way in conflict with the need to strengthen immediately - and most importantly - the policy of structural rural development rather than that of the markets using the traditional system of supports and subsidies.
Madam President, when the former Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) came into office, there were major question marks against the relevance and effectiveness of the IMF.
In other words, vital basic standards must be guaranteed to prevent the situation from continuing in this manner, not only in terms of the murders, but also in terms of a hidden war that would have the same results.
Unfortunately, this problem is rife and it affects every community.
That is just dissembling, since the reality is that the EU Council's agreement to improve economic EU gouvernement means the action of ruling and directing the affairs of a state.
With regard to scope, the campaign is reaching out to over 150 countries worldwide.
The crisis may provide us with an opportunity to change our rules and institutions, or to create new ones.
The first item is the report by DanutBudreikaitė, on behalf of the Committee on Development, on the Challenge of EU Development Cooperation Policy for the New Member States.
I welcome the Commission's proposal to define objectives and measures clearly and above to all simplify administrative procedures.
(ES) Madam President, Commissioners, Minister, this debate should move us further along the road to Lisbon and the summit, and we must thank the Portuguese Presidency for having focused its attentions on the relations between Europe and Africa.
The principle of the oral amendment is that any research on the embryo must be forbidden unless its aim is to help the embryos development.
In November last year two expert working groups with representatives of Member States were set up with the aim of enhancing mobility of artists and culture professionals, as well as maximising the potential of the cultural and creative industries.
And all of this, Mr President, must accommodate the Sunni community and allow it greater participation in the structures of power.
We surely cannot look away when conglomerates, often having received subsidies for their businesses, simply move them to where they can make the greatest profits and where they find the most propitious conditions in terms of wages, taxes, social security contributions, mandatory environmental requirements, controls and so on. Businesses also bear social responsibilities.
Fears about, for example, handing over sovereignty to the European Central Bank should be treated just as seriously as the price rises feared by consumers.
I would point out that, according to the last report made public by the Commission in 2003, nearly 96% of coastal sites and over 91% of freshwater sites were in compliance with the quality standards laid down by the directive.
In a few moments, I will say a few words about how this policy has been implemented.
As is well known, services have as a rule been taxed at the place where the supplier is established.
(DE) Mr President, I welcome the fact that the governments will enter into dialogue on key issues at the European Union-Latin America and Caribbean Summit.
I am pleased that this Agreement has been reached and that solutions were found within the framework of the trade talks too, for I believe that Jordan, in particular, must be given our support. Jordan has always been a reliable partner in the Middle East and also contributes to the stabilization of this region.
I would like to bring to light three aspects of these contributions and the discussion that Mrs Neyts-Uyttebroeck mentioned earlier, that I held in Namur with the fifteen ministers in charge of regional policy, on the invitation of the Belgian Presidency.
First, we will help third countries more to develop the kinds of systems of traceability that they need, and second, we will follow the advice of my colleague Chris Davies in the last debate in encouraging all of our citizens to stop eating meat.
I know that whether or not Qimonda continues to operate depends, above all, on market forces and the will of the shareholders.
There are some absurd situations in Europe.
Rather than taking the relevant step of encouraging the development of a sector in which European countries are world leaders, the Commission has adopted a Malthusian, restrictive and cautious attitude towards several issues.
Such high standards give us two bonuses: cleaner air in Europe and achieving the leading edge of environmental technology.
To conclude, thanks to the withdrawal of aid to flax fibre, considerable amounts have been saved to promote the sales of that product.
It deserves special attention, and this attention should take the form of a new way of organising the system of research in this area: bringing marine and maritime researchers together, and also combining the efforts from the Member States in a different way than is the case today.
This is why I voted this report completely confident, because we need to develop the programmes designed for these purposes and here I refer in particular to the recent EU Member States.
Here and elsewhere we continue to make our fine speeches.
It is hard to believe that the majority of young people in these countries still know nothing about the European Union.
That is why I solemnly ask you to withdraw this harmful draft, which threatens an economy and a culture alike.
We must bring pressure to bear on the Albanians as a matter of urgency and appeal to them not to grant him this success.
I am in favour of searching further for more efficient methods of measuring the state of stocks, adapted to the ecosystem of a given basin.
This should be the plan of action for professional and political leaders who want to safeguard European agriculture.
We are dealing with a series of agreements here tonight that have the ability to affect the lives, the quality of the lives and the health of literally millions of people in the developing world.
It is important that patients have access to useful information about breast cancer and support systems.
We must rid ourselves of that burden and implement the social agenda.
Mr President, the Commission cannot agree at this stage with Parliament's position rejecting the proposal and calling on the Commission to withdraw it.
Interpol already exists and is working in the areas which the EU wants to hand over to Europol.
That being the case, we cannot make any guarantees on the proper use of Community funds in the country.
Let us not allow this to happen.
This concern, ladies and gentlemen, lies at the very heart of our URBAN initiative, and I am willing to rewrite the text, if necessary, in order to make this message clearer yet.
Against the background of the region as a whole, the document and the work that has gone into it should be viewed positively.
In Israel, the investigations into targets and tactics used during Operation Cast Lead have been carried out by army commanders or military police, severely compromising the independence of the findings, and from the Hamas side there is still a failure to address adequately the firing of rockets into southern Israel.
I tabled some amendments, which have already been accepted by the rapporteur, and I will therefore not dwell on them.
Yet, Mr President, we also need to be cautious, without jumping to any hurried conclusions.
I do not want to go into detail here but I think you all know what I mean.
However, I am afraid that in Member States, including my own country, we have the theory; we talk the talk.
Numerous Member States have included in their recovery plans measures such as investments in healthcare restructuring and additional financing of the health system.
The real answer, I suspect, is no, it will not, because it will end up in the Court of Justice with a lot of doubts and, possibly, no directive at all at the end of it.
This is of the utmost importance to the citizens, as has been noted by many Members of this Parliament.
The German and Greek legislatures have similar arrangements.
I have heard rather too many fine words on the protection of minors and the importance of the family.
However, if this regulation were to result in the closure of a major industry in that area, the results would be counter-productive and would exacerbate the social and economic problems.
I acknowledge the efforts of the rapporteur to make the Directive less stringent, but bureaucracy is best avoided at source.
In fact, certain of them could create grey areas; moreover, in some respects our proposals go further than those of Parliament.
We concluded that it is not, but given the importance of the issue we nonetheless agreed to accept this procedure.
The MEPs have established the major thrust of their priorities.
Mr President, I was privileged to observe the 2006 Ukrainian Parliamentary election, which was held in exemplary fashion.
In the Stevens report, the European Parliament shows kind concern for the misfortunes likely to descend upon the Member States which did not wish to join the euro zone (United Kingdom, Sweden, Denmark) and on the country that did not qualify (Greece).
This amounts to a concentration of hundreds of desperate people only 3 km away from the Eurotunnel, the gateway to England, their country of destination.
We are dealing here with a highly technical area that is far from popular.
If we were to approve the Council proposal and the Liberal amendment and not the paper drafted in the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights under Mr Rothley, then we would be depriving ourselves of power again on a crucial issue that affects us directly.
It is very important for our industry.
Secondly, as regards fairness, why is a Swedish car worker supported to the tune of EUR 6 500, while an Austrian car worker gets EUR 14 300?
I very much hope that we need never again experience such tragic events as those that occurred in Madrid and London.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, in July 2008 the European Commission presented its proposal for a revision of the existing Directive on Undertakings for Collective Investment in Transferable Securities (UCITS), thus providing the basis for what we are debating today.
Regarding passenger consent, which was mentioned by some Members as a possible way out - at least in the short term - this would not, in our view, constitute a legally-secure, longer-term solution.
5.
Europe' s message, the European Union' s message to the world should not be one of arrogance or even European nationalism, no; it must be one of cooperation, partnership and peaceful development.
Mr Tannock and Mr Belder mentioned the issue of corruption and, in particular, concern in relation to border guards and the security thereof.
He basically said that we should start amassing higher debts again.
Colleagues around the House will know that is all too typical at customs points all around Europe.
Whilst this is true, it is not the main reason to vote against the Commission’s proposal.
A very restrained thank you as I am none the wiser.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 12.00 noon.
I have listened to the broad call for continuing to allow enrichment with sugar, but - let us be clear - I am not inclined to accept the status quo, so any compromise would imply new conditions.
If you fight battles, then I think that the battle against tax havens should be one of them.
Mr President, very little is as yet known about the submarine environment. That is why, moreover, it is hard to organise any sort of viable programme of protection.
Essentially, this means that the use of GMOs will remain strictly regulated, and this will improve food safety as well as the situation of our farmers.
No, Commissioner, the reconstruction of the former Yugoslavia is not an issue like all the others.
Kosovo is a unique case.
The sustainable management of fisheries resources, the social interests of the sector and the economic survival of all coastal communities will depend, to a large extent, on the involvement of representatives of the fisheries sector in developing the CFP.
This action is required whatever the outcome of the ongoing discussions in Geneva.
In places where dykes, embankments and polders have been built and there are no obstructions to the flow of water, far less damage was suffered during the ‘flood of the century’. Their roads were not destroyed, because they have large culverts and high bridges.
This report, which was put to a vote in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development in December, was not adopted, probably for reasons which go beyond its content.
That response includes a number of specific actions that the Fund is taking to address matters raised in the report.
The discharge procedure should be simplified and streamlined for the decentralised agencies, which are growing in number (from 8 in 2000, to 20 in 2006) and represent a total budget of around EUR 1 billion.
This, I regret to inform you, would still give a total of 600 votes and a voting time that could last for two hours.
Attempts to strike a balance on the agriculture front produced a series of settlements reminiscent of a collection for charity which, once again, penalise a massive sector of the agricultural economy in the south of Europe.
We do not deny the need for there to be ways for the various Member States to cooperate, link up and coordinate their activities to control and combat illegal fishing, but we were sceptical of the benefits of creating the Community Fisheries Control Agency (CFCA) because we believe that some of its competences clash with those of the Member States.
I have sympathy with the view that, because of the differing circumstances within Member States, some flexibility should be offered.
I shall not thank any more people because I will run out of time, given that I have only got one minute.
The current policy in many Member States leaves something to be desired in this respect.
Amendment No 14 does not seem to us to be necessary, since the Commission's proposal specifies that all complaints are admissible, and Amendment No 15 would give the aircraft inspection authorities considerable additional work and anyway the practical usefulness of the supplementary information requested seems to us be doubtful to say the least.
In view of EMAS' s systematic structure, organisations will clearly be well placed to comply with the environmental legislation.
The European Public Prosecutor would then be entitled, having assembled incriminatory and exculpatory evidence, to bring charges on the basis of that evidence, and this would also be done in accordance with national law and in a national court, so there is no question of creating some huge new apparatus or a new European penal code - we all know how much scepticism there still is about that.
Thank you.
We do not want to tie your hands or hold you hostage.
An awakening to more in the way of safety, stability and prosperity for women, including without the burka, seemed to be within reach.
The MEPs to the right claim that we can apply the Protocol to the letter, but if we do, we must do it properly.
Violence against women is currently the most serious manifestation of discrimination against women and is a violation of human rights.
The Committee on Citizens' Freedoms and Rights, Justice and Home Affairs has accepted by a substantial majority the so-called soft opt-out compromise supported by the rapporteur.
Yet schools operate for 150 days out of 365. Shall we take other legislation as our basis?
Thank you, Mr Commissioner.
Because, in short, the problem is going to be that change is inevitable and we are going to have to change.
The deployment is continuing and, as I said in my introduction, we do not expect the overall time frame of the operation to be affected.
Even so, we consider that the tripartite agreement reached means we can salvage something of significance that would otherwise have been lost.
I am sure that you know that statistics in the UK show that only 16% of the public know about the elections, but what should be of concern to you is that these statistics are no better across the other Member States.
It is untenable.
Statement by the President
That is why proper registration is essential.
I believe that with the Two-State Solution the international community has now established the basis for a lasting and durable peace.
It is just as important to point out that Turkey has a very long way to go, especially when it comes to human rights, the situation regarding minorities, the Cyprus issue and union rights.
I beg to differ.
I hope that you will say to Romania, as indeed to the other countries that have engaged in this barbaric practice, that caged beds are inappropriate for children, the confused elderly or for people with mental health problems in any civilised country, and certainly in a Member State of this European Union.
I have already come across this several times before in Parliament - the more Israel endeavours to cut off Palestine' s lifeline, the more aid Europe will send, which means that Israel can save on financial input to the peace process to a certain extent, and Europe alone then has to pick up the tab.
In almost all cases Ireland, my own country, has failed to file the reports on transposition, application and the implementation of EU waste management directives which they are required to submit.
You must therefore be bold.
Our detailed report on that consultation will be available on the Internet shortly.
Secondly, we have some disagreement with the line taken by Mr Kittelmann.
Let me express my gratitude to Mr Färm and Mr Stenmarck for what they have just said, and for the motions that have already been submitted.
The Commission has not provided any solution.
In the meantime, on 26th August 2003, as a follow-up to the June report, the IAEA issued a new report with further findings.
Furthermore, the troika reaffirmed that the EU rejects the death penalty and its use in China in general, referring to the ongoing campaign of 'drastic action'.
Vaclav Havel once said 'what use are the most beautiful of buildings if they serve no purpose?'
Yesterday, the Prime Minister announced measures which he hopes will reduce the deficit.
It is of course interesting that within the budget there are certain shifts that may be observed over the medium term and the long term.
There was Belgium at the time the Maastricht Treaty entered into force, where constitutional changes took place without affecting the Presidency, there was the time of the French Presidency, when the European Union was enlarged to include Sweden, Finland and Austria while France was suffering an internal political crisis, there was the time of the Amsterdam Treaty in 1999, during the German Presidency, when Gerhard Schröder was facing major problems and Lafontaine quit his party, there was the time the euro was introduced during the Spanish Presidency headed by José María Aznar, there was the time of the Irish Presidency, and I could mention many more.
As President Prodi has made reference to Romania, Bulgaria, Cyprus and Turkey, I do not need to repeat what he said, but I do want to put forward a few ideas for your consideration.
We shall therefore approach the end of the year deadline in full knowledge of the facts, but also with a toolbox that has recently undergone significant improvements.
Under the Fifth Framework Programme, 623 projects were undertaken by European research teams in association with Israeli teams, who coordinated 149 of those projects.
We tabled an amendment on how Member States get round the multiannual guidance programme by transferring their vessels to third countries and by using flags of convenience.
However, I would also like, above all, to express the indignation of my group about the sharp deterioration in the situation of those Christians residing in Iraq, and to express our strong feelings about the recent deadly attacks that struck the Christian communities in Iraq, notably, the cowardly hostage taking in the Syriac Cathedral of Baghdad on 31 October, which left 58 dead.
It has called for greater political reform, and respect for human rights is an intrinsic part of the EU partnership with Egypt.
It will be clear that if a French and a Belgian driver, both from EU Member States, have an accident in Australia, for example, and a dispute arises between the insurance companies which cover these two drivers, it would be extremely awkward to allow direct action at the location where the accident, far removed from the European Union, took place under circumstances which are hard to verify.
It is heated because it has to answer two important questions.
The conclusions of the Laeken Summit welcome the progress made and the agreements reached on the liberalisation of the postal services, which will bring about a weakening of the social and territorial cohesion of our Member States.
Sales of illegal compact discs were reported to have increased by almost 20% in 1996 and comprise 14% of the world market.
True to neoliberal ideology, it blames administrative regulation and the protection of public services for impeding growth.
That is what rock-'n'-roll is for me.
Yet, as the Group of the European People’s Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats has already pointed out, Community financing must be adequate and appropriate.
It must enforce the existing legislation, in particular the directive of July 2006 that requires the Member States to establish inspection networks.
The European Commission's main priorities for the coming year are activities to promote economic growth and employment, sustainable development, and the management of migratory flows.
The fact that his report was carried virtually unanimously in the Committee on Transport and Tourism shows that there is a great deal of support within Parliament for provision in the social area of transport.
Mr President, you will recall that since Christmas this House has taken a special interest in the case of Roisín McAliskey who was incarcerated in Holloway Prison in England.
Nevertheless, further Europe-wide initiatives are necessary, and Mrs Rothe put this very well in her report.
There is no solution which pleases everyone completely, but I think that we should settle for half a loaf rather than no bread.
This broadly positive assessment needs to be balanced with the recognition that four Member States (Germany, France, Italy and Portugal) still have large deficits that do not meet the requirements of the Stability and Growth Pact.
I would like to ask the Commissioner if we are proposing to leave Turkey in this position for decades?
I would echo much of what Mrs Figueiredo has already said.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mrs Karamanou' s report places emphasis on a very important issue: equality between men and women is extremely precarious.
The Commission will also inform the European Parliament of all the stages in the procedure, particularly with regard to drawing up the work programme and the progress in work done.
On the basis of a mid-term review, we have presented you with a timetable and work plan for the coming years.
We need a positive business climate.
For certain programmes the backlog of outstanding commitments is equivalent to more than eight-and-a-half years of payments.
One such country is Poland, which is linked to Ukraine by many experiences that go beyond the economic sphere.
Using eight compromise amendments, Ewa Klamt was able to come to an agreement with the other groups in the Parliament on the essential criteria.
Not a penny of EU taxpayers' money should go on the Community Tobacco Fund.
Mr President, Europe needs a competitive economy.
Now we are still true to that Europe, free and united.
As the violence spirals, we are becoming unable to distinguish between victim and executioner, confusing resistance fighters with terrorists, the unfortunate fate of soldiers killed in action with that of civilian victims of what we euphemistically describe as excessive force.
The presidency was also successful in another area.
Madam President, I congratulate the rapporteur on her excellent work and support her position on getting a fairer deal for consumers.
(Applause)
New, realistic and identifiable areas of activity have to be found for farming and therefore also for rural areas and for the farmers whose livelihood is based in these rural areas.
If sometimes that means allowing for international adoptions, then that should be the case.
Our Committee on Culture and Education considers it important to put digitisation and European catalogues at the centre of the ‘Media 2007’ programme.
After the Fourth Directive was passed there was, on 22 December 2000, the regulation onjurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters.
That is how the Single Market Act came into being.
When you read our communication, you will find these matters examined in the context of greater flexibility for our employment market.
A maximum of EUR 1.75 million can be used each year in order to cover the needs indicated for the implementation of the fund.
author. - (IT) Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank the shadow rapporteurs and the secretariat of the Committee on International Trade for the help they gave me during this work.
I would also point out that we are providing a response to safety issues also in this way: satellite monitoring may offer important possibilities as regards safety and, of course, checks on vessels.
I sincerely regret that the programme does not devote sufficient attention to the needs of disabled people.
One of the most important proposals we have worked on here is the liberalisation of electronic communications, a single framework for a converging sector.
I do not want to make any accusations, but experience shows that we must do things better the next time around.
I am very grateful to Mr Tajani for pointing out that Parliament will also be involved in the follow-up work that remains to be done.
Furthermore, there should be a possibility of error correction for farmers who have, unintentionally or due to factors beyond their control, committed infringements and are penalised as a result of this, as well as a greater transparency regarding these penalties.
(DA) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, let me begin by thanking our rapporteur Mr Turmes for his impressive work in connection with the directive on renewable energy.
For the European economies, aviation is an immensely important factor, without which economic life as a whole would quickly fall apart.
The internal market should not be a free-for-all for big business, leading to SMEs being squeezed out of markets with the result that consumers have less choice.
When, as in this case, it affects the majority of European Union Member States, it becomes an extremely serious problem, indeed a crisis.
Agriculture for the southern hemisphere, and financial, banking and energy services for the northern hemisphere.
I am also against having a uniform cofinancing rate of 20% for all three areas.
Although transatlantic relations still have pride of place among them, Europe will carry equal weight as a partner for the USA only as and when the Member States summon up the political will to make their own specifically national interests subject to those of the Community.
Mr President, the European Parliament is rightly in revolt against the preliminary report by the World Trade Organization which, responding to a complaint by the United States and Canada, condemns the European ban on imports of hormone-treated meat.
So what do we want?
Moreover, any new policy is out of the question and any recovery unthinkable – this budget symbolises inflexibility and a desire to give in.
Plan Colombia will result in USD 1.3 billion from the US being allocated for mainly military purposes.
Decentralised wage negotiation systems are contrary to a wage policy based on solidarity and rather than leading to the gap between rich and poor getting smaller, they will - on the contrary - result in it getting bigger.
It is based on transforming the dramatic situation of the victims and the journalists and volunteers who have lost their lives or have been taken hostage and not as a consequence of the invasion and the occupation.
While thinking of these changes, we must not, however, forget about their effective implementation, so that we can ensure the easiest possible transition to the new principles.
Europe is giving the impression that it gives greater priority to the interests of certain shipping lines - shipping lines that in many cases are practising a form of modern-day slavery - than to the survival of their own best port workers.
We should not forget that the EU institutions have granted access to a higher number of documents, while a decrease in the number and rate of refusals has been registered.
The compromise between the Member States in December 2005 on the new financial framework for the period 2007-2013 left funding for numerous policy areas at much lower levels than initially proposed by the Commission.
What has Europe done?
For example, people sometimes tell us that the cost of enlargement is too high.
One of the problems that was highlighted by Mr Davies in the question, is the whole question of discards.
Member of the Commission. - (FR) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Commission keeps a particularly close watch on the situation with regard to democracy and human rights in Armenia, which, as you know, is one of our partners under the European Neighbourhood Policy.
Under Community public procurement law, there is an exhaustive list of criteria to exclude companies from public procurement contracts.
I therefore repeat that under no circumstances did I intend any slight on your honour or your reputation and if you think that I did or if you were given any cause to do so, I apologise.
Membership of committees and delegations: see Minutes
In my opinion, the merit of Mr Korakas' report is that it corrects the Commission' s proposal. It also makes other very useful suggestions on effecting adjustment whilst taking account of some of the peculiarities of cotton.
Because as you know, the European Parliament has called for this to be a fixed institution and not a virtual academy.
We clearly affirm the principles of the dignity and integrity of the human body and must reaffirm them here this week.
I also support the idea of cofinancing according to the Public Private Partnership principle, as is the case, for example, at research centres in the United States.
No-one did.
We intend to develop the Union’s crisis management further.
I would like to say one other thing.
So I suggest we vote on everything up to paragraph 16, then vote on 2 to 7 from the Committee on Foreign Affairs as a whole and then continue with paragraph 17.
This is why the Treaty on European Union clearly states that developments in the public finances of the Member States are of interest to the bodies of the Union, including the European Parliament.
Ireland applied for assistance from the European Solidarity Fund following heavy rain which led to severe flooding in November 2009.
We understand that volcanoes do not follow any rules and we cannot exclude unforeseen circumstances.
It derogates those powers to Member States.
However, the Commission will have the possibility of seeing that the opinions of the Authority on scientific matters are enforced by way of passing legislation which is the function of the Commission, Parliament and Council.
In all matters, we attach importance to the fact that there should be the greatest possible transparency in connection with the decision-making procedures involved in EU cooperation, for example with a view to guaranteeing the necessary democratic control.
In my opinion, it is necessary to support and give effect to the calls of various social groupings and movements for MONUC to be given more power and a higher profile.
Statement by the President
Mr President, of course, like all my fellow Members, I can only welcome your victory, which is obviously well deserved, since it has been gained through lengthy consideration and debate.
Should there be sufficient unanimity to make a joint decision, the country to hold the presidency can still use the days it has left before the Helsinki Summit to put the finishing touches to the issue.
It is undoubtedly a major achievement and one that the European Union should be proud of.
This could be the first step on the long road towards a truly European flag.
My own country, Sweden, for example, was forced to allow azo dyes after joining the EU in 1995.
Let us see whether the elections on Sunday are free and fair, and let us make a decision then.
Mr Solana, I have to mention that I have personally fought against the Security Council, of which you are leader, in court for more than two years, using non-military means, to obtain a certain document which concerns compliance on the part of Member States with criteria relating to the export of weapons.
I agree with the various speakers who are very concerned about the road Belarus is still taking.
The EU has proudly proclaimed that the fight against diseases must be prioritised and spends a few million Swedish kronor on information campaigns every year, while by the back door the EU subsidises unprofitable tobacco growers to the tune of several billion kronor per year.
There is no traceability, or if there is it comes at a high price. Here too the Commission bears its share of the responsibility.
Now, after a long discussion, as the rapporteur said, we have agreed to continue working on the Commission’s approach.
Further price cuts of 5 % are under discussion, but on the basis that then the compensation could be raised again from EUR 63 to EUR 66 a tonne.
Faced with the influx of illegal immigrants in the Canary Islands, it is our duty to come to the aid of Spain and the task of the Member States to take action and show solidarity.
I hope that the Commission will take the initiative for the legal conditions required to establish a European capital market.
The most effective way of doing this would be for a charter of fundamental rights to be included in the EU Treaty, which would define citizens of the Union as those entitled to the rights contained in it.
Let us begin with the analysis of the implementation of the budget.
I would also stress that today this offers an extraordinary opportunity to renew dialogue on a new footing with the other side of the Mediterranean, starting with a clear statement on the concept that is the cornerstone of our humanity and our civilisation, namely the sanctity of life.
Implementing measures (Rule 88): see Minutes
In Europe there are 93 000: there are four times more diplomats in Europe because we are not working together under a single foreign policy.
Last but not least, I would like to draw your attention to the situation of single-parent families and to the difficulties encountered by single parents bringing up children on their own.
Furthermore, the technology is available to use the very mechanisms offered by the new information and communication technologies to hinder access by those people investigating the crime to the information point likely to be engaged in illegal acts.
I would like to stress the need for these authorities to take into consideration the compensation paid or which should be paid when they calculate the fines imposed on companies which are found guilty of abuses, so as to prevent discrepancies between the harm caused and the punitive measures applied, and especially to ensure damages are paid to those affected by such practices.
I am reading it due to circumstances, but also for enjoyment, to broaden my mind, sometimes it makes me angry as well, of course, but I am reading it to acquire knowledge at any rate.
The fourth and last point is that we would like uniform rules to finance the proposed measures in order to prevent unfair competition.
I would however like to give a very clear warning to the Council not to remove these key elements of the compromise, because many of us would then no longer feel able to vote in favour of this Directive, because these matters are really important.
This report is a significant contribution to a truly efficient fight against IUU fishing.
The practical aspect of it is that without this kind of recognition they are unable to tender for contracts outside their own country.
We will also include a reference in Article 9 of the directive in order to make the new recital operational.
Given the existing advertising codes in force in the media, the claim that advertisements arouse hatred on gender lines is an overstatement.
The situation is very worrying because there has been clear incitement to violence.
Secondly, I believe that Europe has a fundamental responsibility which can only be met by building, not soft power or hard power, but political power which depends on the unity of all the Member State governments.
What has it done to promote the use of more environmentally-friendly modes of transport?
Furthermore, we also need to know exactly how these nuclear power stations stand with regard to computer changeover difficulties for the year 2000.
Many mature industries are failing today, which means we need new ones.
That concludes Questions to the Council.
We are good mediators.
It is in this respect that this House has significantly - and in my opinion rightly - altered the balance proposed by the Council by firmly and decidedly supporting a reinforcement of these guarantees of fair trials in all the amendments.
Many voters gave us a clear message by not voting in these elections.
As for the aid earmarked for ACP producers, it is not sufficient to enable them to adapt to the new tariff situation.
The electronic system – use of which will incidentally be optional for the Member State and the business concerned – will also help us to set a uniform maximum VAT-exemption threshold for small businesses.
Since this requirement is going to be maintained, is it not possible that some of these holdings will move to the dollar.
They will probably cultivate those fruits that open up the best economic opportunities to the individual farmer, but what I can make clear from the outset is that such changes will not give rise to the topping-up of this or that milk quota, nor will the Community be willing to accept such things as, for example, higher hectare premiums or additional reference areas for any crops.
Territorial cohesion policy must be based on this approach too.
What we need in Stockholm is not a deregulation summit.
The fight against this scourge has accordingly become one of the key political priorities in Europe and around the world.
The diversity of our aspirations, the force of our traditions, the divergence of our cultural sensitivities, political fears, all these differences if taken together and allowed to influence could lead to the result of the negotiations being a minimum minimorum .
Unfortunately, this mentality is also something of an obstacle, particularly for the further liberalisation of its trade system.
It appears wise for shady and parasitic enterprises to maintain good relations with members of the European Commission and top officials.
In general, I support the notion that technical systems are not neutral.
Adjournment of the session
Madam President, the key word in this report is cooperation.
I look forward to your debate.
The EU is showing its true colours!
Challenges and crises in the Western Balkans, in the South Caucasus region, in the Middle East and in Afghanistan, the fight against terrorism now taking place in the media and the food crisis that is now apparent, issues of energy security, climate change, economic recession as well as issues of transparency and regulation on the financial markets - on all these issues we need one another and we must work together.
Or are we merely distributing humanitarian aid without going further into the problem?
Regarding the Constitutional Treaty, Finland has a splendid opportunity to take the initiative and show real leadership by initiating consultations regarding the extent to which it can be taken forward and what it should contain.
In contrast, the policy on communication and information was disappointing, since we have failed to convince European citizens that the European Parliament is representing their aspirations and their interests.
We accept that they be voted on en bloc and, if not, we accept that the President’s proposal should be voted on paragraph by paragraph.
Let this serve as a warning that never again should such an incident occur in international sport and when sports events are taking place.
As a former prime minister of Sweden, Olof Palme, once said: 'One cannot establish democracy by bombing the villages one should be preserving'.
The Union must not be content with being ambitious.
The Commission welcomes the majority of the amendments.
The Group of the Party of European Socialists - and I should make this clear - supports the Action Plan presented by the Commission, which should be implemented with the utmost regard for the special characteristics of the Mediterranean.
The first of these is the notion of a default limit-of-determination MRL.
This city was marked by history and divided by the post-World War II border, but thanks to European Union activities it now has an opportunity to be reborn on the map of Europe.
The Commission’s most immediate task will be to convince the Council that the budget for the next seven years should correspond to the tasks entailed by EU enlargement.
Scrapping and decommissioning – the EPLP believes that this should be an option within strategies to deal with fisheries over-capacity.
We will only be able to promote the European Union in the eyes of the people if it proves itself to be efficient, transparent and democratic at the same time.
The greatest and earliest gains for developing countries will come from increased trade opportunities with other developing countries.
To seize the opportunity offered by setting up the EAS, we expect the Council to take into consideration the position of the European Parliament adopted this week in the Committee on Constitutional Affairs, and especially the following.
Madam President, Mr Wynn's report is consistent with the very high standard we have come to expect from him in this House.
The directive on prospectuses for securities forms, without any doubt, an important part of the financial services action plan.
The most difficult challenge will be to strike precisely this balance.
There is considerable discussion concerning better legislation, and although the Commission has undoubtedly scratched its head at times during our negotiations, I would nevertheless venture to say that our work here is an example of a good process.

He identified very clearly my intentions and those of the Committee on Budgets, on whose behalf I present this report.
But I must admit that we do not have a fully-fledged instrument to identify the entire scope of the intervention taking place through the policy, but we are certainly very aware and we are using all the opportunities that we have.
I think Parliament has constrained itself too tightly, and we should more properly reflect the interinstitutional agreement of 2001 in our procedures to permit committees to talk about substantive changes to parts of directives or regulations that the Commission is seeking to recast, but in a very restricted form.
Mr President, the European Union's waste policy is at an earlier stage in its development than European policy on air and water quality.
However, we deplore the fact that this obligation has been introduced so late in the day.
Today's double standards will give rise to even more problems in the future.
Union law facilitates mobility and enables the public to exercise their right to free movement, thus strengthening confidence in the European judicial area.
However, I would like to make a further comment.
Finally, I should like to tell the Taoiseach that it rests on him as the leader of one country to present that vision.
Consequently, despite these price issues, pigmeat and poultry producers have still been able to export for some time.
Above all, the conditions for appropriate and equal tax treatment which avoids tax evasion and which also ensures that public services function and that income is apportioned and distributed more fairly must be safeguarded.
This raises the problem of Africa itself, what Henry Kissinger called 'a crisis continent' .
This recommendation quite rightly respects their right to do so.
The presidency today has no final solutions as to what such a mechanism would look like.
I listened with great interest to Mr Macartney's comments.
I welcome this vote, which is a significant step forwards for the internal market and the fruit of complex and involved negotiations.
President of the Commission. - Mr Zahradil, first of all, unfortunately, the economic problems that we have in Europe are not only in the euro area.
I will say to Mr Eisma that we have not actually considered the problem in relation to Eastern and Central Europe in the present communication.
These opportunities arise from the fundamental structure of our society and the fundamental structure of modern development in general, in that it constitutes a search for ever more effective and more technologically advanced solutions in the economic and social spheres.
rapporteur. - (CS) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the European Union is facing a number of connected socioeconomic challenges: the emergence of highly competitive countries, the ageing of the population, migration, a fast-changing labour market structure, and booming information and communication technologies.
It is too soon to say what the new instruments will look like because they are subject to extensive consultation with stakeholders and to Commission proposals.
It is therefore essential to establish a durable and flexible funding system for universal services, which is a difficult task.
It continues to spread despite the many serious concerns about the negative effects of GMO crops on the environment and on human and animal health.
These funds have to cope with the problem of the new Länder as regards infrastructure, not to mention everything corresponding to their application for environmental improvements and, above all, for the creation of employment and hence major support for small and medium-sized firms, which can best generate employment in those territories.
Our reason for doing so is that we wish to keep down the costs of patent applications, and we therefore advocate a solution in terms of just one or two languages.
We are living in an interconnected, global Europe where no government can work miracles on its own, especially when they are expected overnight by a people forgotten for far too long by their own leaders.
Commissioner Füle and Mrs Harms are also right to bring up certain facts which are cause for concern, and of which we are also aware.
The mention of the almost 16 million jobs which were created since the setting-up of the euro is an illustration of what I just said.
Today we are acquiring new neighbours, with a positive perception, with an expectation of hope towards the European Union on the part of citizens and politicians alike.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I must apologise.
To conclude, I wish once again to thank Mr Olsson for the excellent report and his support on this important issue.
We are in a time of transition and we must all work hard to ensure that the tide of change shifts in the right direction.
Why is there no budget for economic and social measures to compensate for the effects of the reform?
It also sets out in more detail the procurement process and issues connected with the information system.
What legal system do they come under?
In this respect the Commission would like to maintain the existing scheme, in which the selection of subsidised products is a matter for the Commission.
Some amendments concern the current financial year.
I also agree with the rapporteur on broadening the scope of the European Maritime Safety Agency, to allow it to fulfil its task of inspection and following up the present regulation.
A proposal - for a European Public Prosecutor - which, as luck would have it, has been put forward again by the Praesidium of the Convention: Article 20 proclaims a European law creating a European Public Prosecutor's office, whose structure should be decided by a majority vote.
It will take time for Belarus and there will be many obstacles along the way.
Parliament's amendments do not call for the safety systems to be extended to over-the-counter medicines.
We therefore welcome the conclusion of this agreement tabled by the Commission, which aims to give all European Union air carriers non-discriminatory access to routes to and from Vietnam, while avoiding any anti-competitive practice.
In addition, it has already been noted by other speakers that we are ageing and that the number of young people is decreasing.
The problem, however, is with the implementation of these well-intentioned rules.
But we could also vote on Thursday.
The Commission is ready to take into account the special considerations which apply to the health-sector professions in order to find appropriate solutions within the wider context of simplification.
I do not think we can afford to throw fish back in the sea when they are so valuable.
In what I like to call a geo-political way.
You and my fellow Members have mentioned international law.
Quite the reverse. We have the positive experience gained from the directive on refrigerators to draw on.
From a technical point of view, it will have numerous positive effects for all economic activities and will increase Europe' s general productivity at a time when this is very much needed.
However, reunification is just as important to us, as enlargement is not only a historical responsibility but also a necessary injection and a win-win situation.
The only proposals I have made now concern modifications previously discussed with the political groups, and I have done so because there was general agreement amongst them.
Again, as regards neighbours, we also expect Russia to adhere to the agreements in the treaties in respect of Georgia and to withdraw its troops back to those areas where they were present before the conflict.
In any case, the European Union has adopted a policy of actively fighting racism.
It is my pleasure to welcome Mr Moussa Touré, President of West African Economic and Monetary Union (UEMOA), who is seated in the public gallery.
Let me reassure you that I shall be pursuing this course of action most conscientiously.
To this effect, the Commission has put forward consistent proposals in the context of the current revision of the Financial Regulation.
Each and every year we make up our domestic failure by recruiting 63 000 doctors from the developing countries.
Sanctions must not be imposed on the people, who have expressed themselves in an exemplary fashion, but on Mr Gbagbo and those close to him.
The European Parliament adopted the last report about mountain regions in 1988, that is ten years ago.
You can judge the intensity of our parliamentary discussions from the fact that a total of five committees were asked to deliver an opinion, and we have finally reached agreement on a report that incorporates the arguments from the budgetary, agricultural, regional, external economic relations and legal perspectives.
In this European Parliament, more than anywhere else, we understand the prospect for generation after generation of division and fear which this new Berlin wall represents.
I hope that there will be no more recurrences of incidents of this nature.
It is technically possible to postpone this vote until April.
At the same time, they are economically dependent in the sense that they depend more or less on just one client firm and are very often highly integrated into the internal organisation of the company.
But it is important that we send out a clear, simple message tomorrow that if you travel in these vehicles in the future, you must wear a seatbelt and that there will be no derogations, no room for doubt.
I accept my responsibility for the reform.
A century and a half ago New Zealand had 1 million head of sheep; today it has 40 million.
Those, ladies and gentlemen, are the reasons why we are making these proposals, which have been put to the vote and accepted by the Committee on Transport and Tourism.
The EPP Group is requesting that the Mosiek-Urbain report - on behalf of the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens' Rights - on the supplementary supervision of insurance undertakings in an insurance group (A4-0157/97) be referred back to committee.
To date, it has not been completed.
The scope of this text must be clearly specified.
In fact, for the first time, specific mention was made of that doctrine whereby the Union can only operate on the powers conferred upon it by the Member States.
Finally, I should also like to add my voice to those who have said that the Joint Research Centre plays a vital role and that its activities in the nuclear sector help to harmonise, at European level, the security issues that we all need to address.
Although some differences remain on institutional issues, compromises are being reached on the idea of a cabinet, with blackmail over Community funds increasingly forcing the small and medium-sized countries to accept a submissive position.
We need to recognise the problem and admit that there is one, even if often, it is as if we were hiding behind the notion that we have already resolved it.
Slowly, it is true, but spreading nonetheless.
Let us not forget that politics is an art, whereas economics is a science and you get the right result every time if you use the right formula.
We believe that the same accession requirements should be laid down as were laid down in the case of earlier enlargements – neither more nor fewer.
The attack on 30 March was not the first time that opposition party meetings have been brutally broken up.
Strengthening the parliamentary dimension and close cooperation in the follow-up process will do more and more to enable EU funds to be channelled directly to serve the needs of the people and, for example, to achieve the Millennium Development Goals on health and education.
I would like to end, Mr President, by recalling the multiplier effect that the participation of women may have in each of these programmes.
I voted for this report because I believe that the agricultural and food policies must meet some basic objectives, such as food security and safety.
The next item is the joint debate on the following reports:
That is why the Convention which is going to meet to discuss the future of Europe should add this important issue to its agenda.
I have read the note which went to the Bureau on Monday, but it seems to me that the works only relate to the false ceilings.
However, as was clear from the serious regression which took place in September last year, the problems of Albania centre more around the lack of communication and dialogue among the country's political powers and their inability to reach agreement on a minimum joint programme to extricate the country once and for all from the crisis it is in, rather than on the genuinely deep economic recession.
The weakest and traditionally most vulnerable of our rural community, in terms of social welfare, and smaller farmers are being dealt with in the harshest and most unjust manner by our state.
We think that certain amendments would lead to unduly detailed regulation of the issues included in the proposal.
I would urge the Commission to bear this in mind when looking at this proposal.
I remain convinced that a great many of the serious evils of our society today can be ascribed to the decline in the role of the family as the cornerstone of society, as protector, place of learning and example to children.
Subject: Detainees in Iraq
The greatest asset the Labour Government has is that it is not the old Conservative Government.
Ladies and gentlemen, I will be brief.
According to the OECD, the directive is going to create two and a half million jobs in Europe and, until proven otherwise, is going to create jobs; this is still the best social policy there is!
The Union would also become stronger if Turkey and Ukraine were to join, and if it had a proper economic partnership with Russia.
That needs to be made crystal clear.
That is why we have projects such as Nord Stream, Blue Stream II and also South Stream.
While I accept that Irish criminal law protecting children against sexual abuse and exploitation is quite comprehensive, I would, nevertheless, urge the Irish Government to bring forward up-to-date legislation as soon as possible to deal with the proliferation of new ways by which children can be subject to sexual abuse.
Consequently I fully support their full participation in the Schengen area.
   . – Mr President, Commissioner, the internal situation in Azerbaijan is highly explosive and deserves our attention.
Firstly, it is so difficult to forge a common European policy on the basis of this debate because there is no agreement as to what the European interest actually is.
Once an additive has been authorised, it is surely sufficient for the relevant dossier to be regularly updated, rather than being subject to a full review every time.
It is important that the new Commission takes initiatives in this field and it is important that we make it clear to football clubs that they must not condone the activity of their own fans.
I believe that the perceived conflict between free competition and promoting European culture is groundless.
It is all well and good to support democracy in Ukraine, Iraq and Palestine, but first and foremost we must nurture it amongst ourselves.
If we need a new agreement, then one of its pillars must be to solidify the enlarged 25-member Union.
This will, of course, be done in consultation with ENISA and its management board.
The first of these amendments seeks to restrict derogations from the documentary and information procedures to GMOs in transit and in closed systems.
If I understood him correctly he said with regard to exploring a single rate of value added tax for the telecom sector that it may be pointless at the end of the day but that in any event the European Parliament is not asking for it and since there is no proposal the Commission, in a sense, is not taking on the possibility.
Thirdly, I would like to say that the weak attitude of the European Union's contact group regarding the maintenance of Bosnia-Herzegovina as a multiethnic entity, as laid down at Dayton, is to be condemned.
In reality, the so-called Russo-Ukrainian gas war is one of the stages in the fight for influence in Europe.
I will read it in English, because that is the document I have.
Firms would have to agree voluntarily to comply with certain minimum criteria in return for a fixed payment or bonus.
Madam President, I could not allow to go by default possibly my last opportunity in this Parliament to point out the nonsense of spending over ECU1 billion subsidising the growing of a product which kills and maims its consumers.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank you, Baroness Ashton, for your words and the brilliant and self-contained manner in which you set out your position, as well as your analysis of the situation in our Southern Neighbourhood and in Libya.
Advertising can effectively challenge and confront stereotypes.
It is also clear that education and expansion of young people's horizons have a special role to play in the process of fostering a culture of tolerance.
A policy and procedure designed to revoke rather than prevent speculative and abusive registration of domain names will be adopted; lastly, the Member States will be able to prevent the registration under the '.EU' domain of domain names containing established geographical, geopolitical or historical concepts which impact upon the territorial organisation of a Member State.
So the signs and signals in advance of Florence were not auspicious.
To pay out 1 billion ECUs per annum for a crop which, in total, gives employment to only 135 000 tobacco growers is a high price if you calculate the amount per capita.
In their response, I note that the Commission has already launched a public consultation and has held hearings to exchange views with stakeholders.
The impact will be felt in both its internal affairs and in its external dimension. A number of decisions were taken regarding certain key areas.
The problems of the Romanies are nevertheless cause for much concern.
In conciliation the Council and the Commission stuck to their key objective in this directive, of protecting the minority shareholders, protecting the interests of investors and defending shareholders against unscrupulous directors and inefficient company boards.
In fact, if we genuinely wish to coordinate economic policy, I believe that it is up to the Commission to state clearly and publicly the path it intends to follow.
First, being outside the settlement is not always an advantage.
The most important decision taken at the European Council at Helsinki will affect the future of the whole of Europe.
I call on you, Mr President, to write to the authorities in Auchy-les-Mines to express our strongest condemnation of the desecration of the graves of these soldiers – men who gave their lives selflessly to preserve our freedom and democracy in this continent.
The state of Israel is a shining example to the countries of the Middle East in the area of democracy.
Should an artist' s heir be able to exercise his or her rights seventy years after the event?
I refer to the Chinese leadership’s undertaking to engage in the dialogue the Commissioner mentioned.
At the moment there is a debate scheduled between midnight and 12.30 a.m.
At the same time I wish to say how sorry I am that our Committee's chairman, Reimer Böge, cannot be present at the debate, as he has important obligations in his country at the same time.
Its full implementation will require further efforts and determination.
I should like to endorse your comments.
It is for these reasons that the least we can do is to vote against the report.
I think it would be better if the Commission did not propose a code of conduct on minimum standards for consultation for itself, but rather if we could jointly consider whether there is not some scope for all three institutions to make a joint commitment under an Interinstitutional Agreement.
Chemicals which are persistent, bioaccumulative and toxic, PBTs, will not be labelled.
I therefore agree with the statement that in the current circumstances, the general principle for European financing is to follow an ethos of budgetary austerity.
On the question of application interfaces and the technology, the key word is 'interoperability'.
However, three points are worth noting.
But if we look out from the lofty vantage point of our offices over the city of Strasbourg, we see a brownish haze hanging over that beautiful city.
The Commission is appreciative of these measures, and Mrs Macovei, the Minister, is to be commended for them.
We have to prevent opportunities for crime and we must make it harder and less tempting to commit crime.
These downward adjustments do not affect projects in connection with regions bordering on the candidate countries.
Mr Valdivielso de Cué is right to point out that difficulties still exist, especially in the area of shipbuilding, and Mr Jarzembowski has referred to that.
in writing. - (PT) I voted in favour of Mrs Gill's report on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council on the participation by the Community in a research and development programme.
The issue of migration must automatically feature in the dialogue with Europe's partners.
They will remain in force, because the new legislation will broaden the situation but will not affect, and therefore not prejudice, bilateral or trilateral agreements that already exist.
I am therefore voting in favour of the report, despite its shortcomings.
Other major industrial powers, such as the United States of America, India and China, also need to understand that, unless we protect this environment, sooner or later it will fall on our heads.
How can we provide for efficient control of the food processing chains from the farmyard to the table?
For a long time, this policy successfully held its own against influence from outside.
It has been a success both in the operational sense and with regard to its publicity value.
It could, however, serve as the blueprint for a workable procedure.
In response to the economic and financial situation in Greece, the informal meeting of the Heads of State or Government on 11 February stated that, and I quote, 'euro area Member States will take determined and coordinated action, if needed, to safeguard financial stability in the euro area as a whole'.
What I find worse, though, is that there was no reaction whatsoever to this incident from the Muslim quarters in Belgium.
I think it is important to let you know what the Federation of Irish Fishermen said in June when this package was first announced.
This is what I wanted to say.
Let us be absolutely clear that the LDC and ACP countries want access to our market, at market prices; that means keeping prices reasonably high in the European Union, so that they can have access at the prices they believe are safe for them.
Secondly, on having maintained its referendum.
The report also contains information on amounts recovered and the financial corrections, in particular when a payment has not been made in conformity with Community rules.
This, President Prodi, is the most serious matter, the most perilous danger of all, for we could end up endorsing the policies of the irresponsible countries and penalising countries which have implemented responsible policies, the countries which have placed their trust in us.
I must remind you that, as President of the European Parliament, I had the opportunity to visit Orient House.
On the other hand, I would also like to pick up on a little of what Mr Gillis talked about, namely that we have in fact worked on modifying the genes in crop plants and domestic animals since we left the hunter-gatherer stage around 10, 000 years ago.
This applies to lobbyists at Parliament and the Commission, and a lot of information is now available to assess how great their influence is and the composition of the expert groups.
Unfortunately, as we know, these geographical areas do not have the opportunity that we have here to provide victims with solidarity.
Consequently, I fully agree with what Mr Gauzès said just now.
If any influence at all can still be brought to bear, it would be up to the Member States to do so.
The Quaestors have already been informed of yesterday’s incident, and it will be investigated by them.
Mr van den Bos provided the most far-reaching contribution of any of us here.
I think we really should have a rethink here, and this should be encouraged through the structural funds too.
I will do my utmost to engage in dialogue with the countries of the East, countries that often felt justifiably that they were not being listened to sufficiently.
The report also underlines that the European Commission must take account of the economic importance of SMEs, by providing technical support to allow and help them to comply with binding environmental health regulations and to encourage them to make other changes which are positive from the point of view of environmental health and affect the operation of enterprises.
In short, we are happy with this outcome, which is better than nothing.
Mr President, I also think it is very sad that the Commissioner is not here today for what is probably the most important debate in the fishing sector over the next few years.
So what I tell you here is drawn from practice, and I should also like to deal with a number of areas in which we could perhaps make improvements.
The current system of foreign direct investment, governed by a myriad of overlapping and sometimes conflicting bilateral investment treaties (BITs) of the Member States has to be replaced - in a reasonable time span - by a new framework of modern EU investment treaties consistent with cross-cutting EU policy goals.
They want an unambiguous system for workers and students from outside the European Union, and this is set to create additional red tape, while less was promised.
In the past, vaccination against bluetongue was carried out using live attenuated vaccines, which called for a series of restrictions on vaccination so as to avoid the spread of the virus to unvaccinated animals.
The Commission, the Presidency and the 27 Member States ensured that the European Union played its part on the world stage.
Some particularly tough challenges are therefore facing us as far as programming, the introduction of new solutions and implementation of the 10th EDF are concerned.
That would have been the time to point the finger at those - such as the British Government - who are now writing clever letters asking us to please find the ECU 100 m after all.
The Council of Ecofin Ministers has now also clearly and unanimously announced its wish to extend the experiment and to remove the current uncertainty for those involved.
(EL) Mr President, without doubt, the European Investment Bank has been a success since it was founded 52 years ago, especially in achieving and strengthening the objectives of the European Union and financing small and medium-sized enterprises, which form the mainstay of business in the European Union and the mainstay of those businesses that need to be maintained during the course of the current economic crisis in order to maintain jobs and social calm in the Union.
The Commission is drafting principles for judging and sentencing cybercrime and looking at ways of improving information security, and one of these ways is ENISA.
As for the negotiations with the WTO, I can assure you that recognition of the European quality systems remains firmly on the Commission's agenda.
These are thus the difficult circumstances under which these courageous officials have the European total ban on the use of hormones enforced.
It is very important for this region to have a strategy, not only because of the need to create a transport corridor and connection between the North Sea and the Black Sea, but also because this region is the greatest reservoir of fresh drinking water in Europe.
That is why I think it is really important for the Commission to launch an initiative or take some other measures, perhaps even in the form of legislation, on maximum charges.
I think that they are very useful.
in writing. - Deputy Locatelli's report is part of the review of the Lisbon Strategy to make Europe's economy the most competitive in the world by 2010, and central to this is the position of researchers in Europe.
The present crisis also presents an opportunity to accelerate the reform process and, or so I hope, to make the reforms more incisive than was initially envisaged.
We, the European Parliament, are digging our heels in, as we want the whole package.
I am thinking firstly of a reduction in the rates applied to CD-ROMs, with a view to both ensuring that this product receives the same treatment as books, and promoting a technology of the future, in which it is essential for the European Union to be competitive.
To do all this we therefore need a little more time, without losing sight of the objective of then ratifying the agreement, but in a political context in which peace has been restored.
Mrs Vergiat and Mrs Korhola touched upon the cyber attacks against Google.
I have noted the information you have given us, Mr Leinen, and we shall finish our debate with a contribution from Commissioner Wallström.
Following on from what he said earlier, we might also say that Council presidencies come and go, but the rapporteur Claude Desama goes on forever.
The current situation of the Roma people in Italy questions precisely the common fundamental values upon which the European construction relies.
The Arctic is the place on the planet where climate change is most obvious.
It is a one-way street.
In addition the proposal also specifically accommodates new farmers.
Even US experts warned that full-blown liberalisation would threaten international agricultural commodities markets with the same fate as that of US farmers - a loss of income of 16 % - and advocated market stabilisation measures.
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, allow me first of all to deal with the three reports together - they are directly related to one another - and to tell you how pleased I am that on a topic as controversial as industrial fishing, whose different opinions are echoed in this House and in today's debate, the Parliament, although it has had a few subsequent suggestions, shares the Commission's point of view, especially on the need to give this type of fisheries a rational direction that takes into consideration for each fisheries activity the actual state of stocks, by-catches and the problems of monitoring.
We would not accept the standards that we appear to be prepared to accept for the Gulf States for Korea or for the ASEAN negotiations, for example.
We will see how things work following these important changes, and if certain destinations continue to experience difficulties, the Presidency will refer it to the companies concerned to enable all of us to be transported to Strasbourg in the most suitable and comfortable way.
Mr President, women represent half of Europe's talent.
Henceforth this will be a single transformation.
We need changes to staff regulations and to the disciplinary procedure, as also proposed in the report.
You can rest assured, Mr Turmes, that the scenarios will seriously examine something that has been proposed by various bodies, namely a move to up to 100% renewable energy sources.
But I cannot agree with those - even if we have close political links in the unions and in other areas - who believe that it would be best to leave things as they stand, or who believe that the difficult problems with the railways had been created by the Commission's proposals.
The second is criticism. Here we criticize the fact that we have fallen out of step in our joint march to enlargement and deepening of the Union through its institutions.
What we do not emphasise enough in our contacts with third countries is that human rights should be respected with regard to women, too.
What we also need, and this is a job for the Commission, is a long-term plan to reduce the use of antibiotics in agriculture.
In exactly the same way, we demand of you that, for every initiative that you take, you also specify the legal basis for it, making it possible to trace precisely whence Europe derives the competence to do something in this particular area.
Madam President, traditionally the Baltic has been the scene of struggles for economic, military and political hegemony.
What has been proposed by Parliament today is equally unsatisfactory and for this reason I voted against the resolution.
Group pressure is a strong social force which can contribute to voluntary harmonisation.
The Commission also believes that certificates of competence required for the personnel in slaughterhouses should be issued following an independent examination.
After all, Europe will make progress only as a result of day-to-day efforts, of hard, specific work, and not as a result of brilliant feats of rhetoric – there is no shortage of soapbox speeches in Europe.
Since this initiative falls under the PRINCE programme for providing information to the citizens of Europe, does the Commission intend to include the Charter of Fundamental Rights as one of the main themes of this initiative?
The conflict in the Middle East has not been resolved.
However, I also have to admit that I am disappointed with certain proposed amendments to the Directive on Deposit Guarantee Schemes, especially on pay-out delays.
I did so not because this is an ideal resolution; there is no doubt in my mind that our resolution could be better.
We are therefore convinced that, once again, enlargement will proceed smoothly in a way that will strengthen, not compromise, the functioning of the European Union.
Thank you to all the staff and thank you to all the interpreters, whatever age they may be.
If she does not, we then have the possibility of including the issue under the urgent heading.
I can reassure you that cancer prevention still figures very high on my agenda.
But I did so with a heavy heart, because of course any withdrawal from production of wine-growing land means a setback as far as our culture and civilization are concerned.
All Member States, including Malta, had to set out their strategies to deliver growth in jobs.
Several of my colleagues and I have been to Calais and seen what goes on there.
Madam President, the history of nuclear energy in eastern Europe is that of unparalleled decline, whether you take the defunct reactors in Bohunice and Chernobyl or the Mochovce nuclear plant.
I would like to apologise again for any offence I may have caused and add that I did not understand your reply.
Allow me to highlight a few aspects that are in need of comprehensive evaluation.
That is the very thing that is now being prematurely ended.
The country support strategy for Nigeria has identified the strengthening of democracy and respect for human rights as areas requiring action and corresponding programmes will soon be forthcoming, including programmes to improve the status of women.
The Edinburgh Summit decided that the Commission must, first of all, give a report on the operation of the financing system, on the own-resources system.
The 'Neue Züricher Zeitung' neatly summed up the outcome of the Barcelona Summit in one sentence: 'Europe caught between ambition and action'.
As the rapporteurs say, we must ensure that exceptions are eliminated and the proposed regulations and decisions are applied and operate as widely as possible.
To this end, it seeks to support the pursuit of the democratisation process that began with the elections in 2001 by highlighting the need to respect the rule of law and its instruments.
Healthy, conspicuous and changed animals will continue to be tested.
Fisheries Partnership Agreement between the EC and Kiribati (vote)
   . Mr President, in our globalised society, the Internet is a fast and user-friendly means of communicating among individuals or in a group, of buying and selling, of accessing information and of creating material.
A certain number of countries, including France, are ahead of the rest: it is essential that they do not have lower standards imposed on them now than those they have already established, which have succeeded in gaining consumer confidence.
Not to mention that it is a breach of Article 9 of the Protocol on the Privileges and Immunities of the European Union, which was devised to protect the freedom of expression of MEPs directly involved in carrying out their duties.
I would propose, however, that, in future, new members are quickly provided with the necessary information and training which will allow them to carry out their duties in the respective Committee and participate in voting.
These are the staff who have ensured that the European Union is more than a mere alliance or a group of countries. They have ensured that the Union has brought peace to many and a whole host of benefits to its citizens.
The other objective, in the medium to long term, is to promote a peace process that, although certainly dangerous and difficult, is also the only condition for development of this area.
I should be most grateful if he could.
In some sectors, such as the important automotive industry, it exceeds even social costs.
Because, if the world saw the complete and total disjunction between Chinese promises and Chinese practices, we would have no choice but to boycott Beijing in the same way that we boycotted apartheid South Africa.
Taking advantage of the presence of the Commissioner, I would like to start on a point we were not aware of when Mrs Lenz and I presented our two reports, the document approved by the Luxembourg Council on the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Sixty-nine countries have ratified the statute of the court, and we can see that it now already has significant support in the international community.
The Commission considers that these elements of flexibility will be crucial in reaching an agreement between the three institutions.
In how many of the EU-27 countries does a national system already exist, and since when has it done so?
Finally, I should like to comment on the economic and social aspects of waste prevention.
It made no reference at all to Parliament!
To try where possible to formulate low-cost and economically efficient energy efficiency policies and take adequate account of environmental aspects, as stated in Article 3 of the Protocol, sounds pretty weak.
What is at issue here is the defence of the values of our European Union and respect for its laws.
I believe that my Group is not the only one here hoping for a clear response from you to these questions, failing which each of us will have to consider what form of reaction would be the most appropriate.
This proposal has come at just the right time, and I would here like to congratulate Mr Friedrich for the contents of this report.
But significant differences remain, both with the Commission and with those who have tabled amendments on behalf, among others, of the EPP, the effect of which is to distort the work done so far.
(The President noted that there was no opposition to considering the oral amendment) (Parliament adopted the resolution)
I fully support the report on the European Research Area, which outlines new prospects for research and development in the European Union.
A condemnation of the plundering carried out by the Mobuto regime.
Now just a word for Serbia's benefit.
This is an extremely useful remedy for the citizens, businesses and other organisations throughout Europe, confronted as they are with cases of maladministration within the European institutions.
It is very important that we do not just pay great lip service to helping young farmers, but actually deliver policies within the common agricultural policy that increase the number of young farmers coming into the industry.
It has become very clear – and this is also expressed in the resolution we adopted in the Committee on Transport and Tourism – that the journey we started in 1992 with the Green Paper on the development of postal services in the European Union has continued successfully to today.
Member of the Commission. - Mr President, I would like to thank the Honourable Member, Mr Ó Neachtain, for his question, which gives me the opportunity to address the issue of the decommissioning of fishing vessels.
I am genuinely grateful for the insights that have been garnered in our debate that reflect the experience and expertise of Members of this House.
I welcome the fact that the compromise reached in the second directive, preserving the relationship of trust between lawyers and clients, has been retained.
   Mr President, my party and my political group hope that the European Council will decide to embark upon negotiations with Turkey concerning membership.
Regarding excise duties in the sector of tobaccos and cigarettes, I personally favour preserving the existing status quo, and I would remind the House that some European agricultural regions depend on tobacco production.
This amendment reinforces this.
I think that that is the question to which the Commission must respond.
That is why I voted as I did.
   Mr President, it is just a question of clarification.
Mr President, Mr Chastel, Commissioner, here we are in the third act of the financial legislation for 2010.
It is worth highlighting the agreement between the EU, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway and the agreement between the EU and Norway, two financial mechanisms for 2009-2014 which provide for a total package of EUR 1.8 billion, representing a 31% increase in the EEA financial mechanism and a 22% increase in the Norwegian financial mechanism against the previous period.
on behalf of the Verts/ALE Group. - (DE) Madam President, Commissioner, the report contains many fine suggestions, but it proceeds from the assumption that constant growth in the volume of traffic is something like a law of nature and that technology can solve most of the problems.
I also believe - and I address this to both the President-in-Office of the Council and the President of the Commission - that we must show unity at all times and it is highly significant that, after a European Council, the President of the Commission should appear shoulder to shoulder with the President-in-Office of the Council to announce the decisions adopted.
The common organization of the tobacco market should, therefore, provide an incentive not to abandon existing activities and support the transfer of individual quotas to young farmers, while keeping them linked with the least favoured areas.
As this is the International Day for the Elimination of Violence against Women, this is something that should make us stop and think and, hopefully, also act in the future at European level, as well as at international level.
The existence of a panoply of fundamental civil, economic, social and political rights, fully guaranteed by constitutional legislation and by public authorities, is one of the essential elements of modern Western society.
As for Mr Jarzembowski’s report, I have to say that I do not share his desire for liberalisation.
This is not the first time that I have had an exchange of opinion with Mr Rothley and his colleagues on motor vehicle insurance matters: I remember vividly the discussions we had on the Fourth Motor Insurance Directive: that directive has now been adopted.
Social dialogue and social agreement made Europe strong when it first came to be, in periods of weakness and now, in this period of renewal and change, after a serious economic crisis; social agreement - namely the social pact - could be a major driving force behind the objectives that we are setting ourselves for effective governance.
I urge Member States to use the Structural Funds to remedy the lack of basic infrastructure in rural areas and to implement policies for improving access to the public infrastructure for everyone.
The present method of calculation is clearly not altogether realistic.
Finally, I am grateful to the rapporteur for having worked with us in such an open and fair manner, and I would thank the Commissioner for having sought and conducted a dialogue with Parliament, after certain initial difficulties.
What are our options according to my group?
We warn against a partisan emotional approach to this decades-old conflict. Despite all the simplification and the temptation to make facile assessments on the basis of television news clips, this is not a black or white situation.
Just this weekend a jeweller in Vienna was murdered by the Russian mafia.
Madam President, I should like to enquire when the results in connection with the declaration on crime in Brussels will appear in the Minutes.
Creating a European internal market for alternative fund administrators will help limit systemic risks and provide better protection for investors, in keeping with the new European economic supervisory structure.
Instead, support should go to those farmers who use traditional methods of cultivation.
I would ask you, ladies and gentlemen, to follow the instructions given by Parliament' s security staff calmly and orderly, and to leave by the emergency exits.
First of all, we need indicators, harmonised statistics and barometers for the euro area.
ECU 1 million has already been sent but it is obvious that more will have to be sent since the estimated needs are far greater than that.
As a result the 2012 draft budget is almost EUR 9 billion below the ceiling of the financial perspective set for 2012.
   . I have great sympathy with the point that the honourable Member has made.
(IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I do not want to make any comment on what Mrs Jackson has just said.
This is completely unacceptable.
As I said, this is curious.
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m.
They have to have an invitation from a Russian organisation or individual.
The thorough political remodelling that has been applied to the structure of Germany' s federal government is a clear sign that, even at the heart of Europe, where this CAP was conceived and where it has always found its greatest support, it is becoming increasingly difficult to sustain an agricultural policy model that was designed to protect an industrial approach, based on large-scale farming.
I understand what the Commissioner said, but we do not know what will be decided in 2004.
And, my colleague Mr Pöttering, Commissioner Kinnock has already said that certainly as far as whistle-blowers are concerned, there will be new support procedures in this regard, and this House will certainly fully endorse that.
The regulation has since been annulled by the Court of Justice in a judgment handed down on 1 June 1994 after proceedings had been instituted by Parliament itself.
Member States with nuclear power enjoy a competitive advantage over states that are nuclear-free.
Madam President, this extra money is a result of the fact that my own country, Sweden, as well as Finland and Austria became Members of the EU.
I will try to be as brief as possible, Madam President, so as not to be called to order at the end of my speech. However, this is an interesting question.
What we need today is to achieve real convergence in the quality of life of all the citizens of the Union, not convergence of local economies in numerical terms, convergence which contributes to the prosperity and smooth operation of the free market system, but not to the prosperity of European citizens.
(EL) Mr President, I should like to ask the President of the Commission and the President of the Council to somehow pay homage to the 50 and more anonymous Japanese workers who are working in the knowledge that they will die.
We are amending the Regulation that has been in force since 1992, and I would like to point out once again the amendments that are of the greatest importance to our citizens, and primarily to passengers and aircraft crew.
We should also consider that arrangements for animals change when new animal protection standards are introduced.
The top-down reforms that have been implemented will not lead to the desired result as long as there exists a feeling that they present a danger to Turkey's internal stability.
I would like to point out several inconsistencies: as a doctor and a teacher, I am aware of the range of reports presented each year by the World Health Organisation, which always cite the famous Horowitz vicious circle, according to which illness creates poverty and poverty creates illness.
The subject-matter is most apt for Lahti, an area which for a long time has had a high profile as a centre of excellence in environmental technology - because there is no point talking about energy without energy efficiency.
Mrs Barsi-Pataky already gave an excellent outline of the framework with regard to the possible delay, the legal framework and so on. I hope you will allow me briefly to dwell on this public-private cooperation this evening.
You have spoken, Commissioner, about reaching a codecision on resettlement.
All committees should heed our recommendations.
It has always been the rule in Parliament and the other institutions that August is excluded from the timetables set.
Please do not tell us that labelling will solve the problem, because unfortunately the labelling on processed products does not give any information.
Personally, I would like us to go further and, as President Obama and the United States have done, for the European Union to ban any investment in euro in Burma.
This will only be possible if, during the euro's introductory phase and during the phase when the euro and national currencies are used side by side, it is really possible to check and to understand the cost of goods, services and even charges for public services, both in euros and in the national currency.
Resumption of the session
However, it is necessary to recognise the impossibility of making special rules for all types of additives and for all animal categories.
If I have forgotten anybody, I will send them a reply in writing.
In this way, women would have an efficient tool for contributing to the development of the economy.
Although this Commission is responsible for regulating fishing in international waters, we thought it was appropriate to involve the Baltic Sea Commission because salmon swim into inland river waters to breed.
So I can assure you that your fears are unfounded.
Like you, therefore, we hope that the Justice and Home Affairs Council will adhere as far as is possible to the deadline of 2003 for reaching agreement on the Council’s proposals on this very badly needed measure.
It is patently not enough simply to focus on the banks' capital base.
I would draw attention to the importance of the changes that we are proposing in respect of the career structure.
The Commission has been closely involved in international activities and initiatives addressing this issue, such as the International Conference on combating child pornography on the Internet, which was held from 29 September to 1 October 1999 in Vienna.
The 1994 Directive must therefore be revised - I share your view, Commissioner - otherwise this text, which was pioneering when it was adopted, will end up being obsolete in the light of the new drafts adopted by Council, on the European limited company, or by Parliament in 1999, at first reading, on the Directive on a general framework for informing and consulting employees.
President Bush is coming to Gothenburg.
We are coming with less than half.
For Portugal, the benefits are especially sensitive as my country already has a very open economy, with a degree of trade openness exceeded only by the Benelux countries, Ireland and one of the Nordic countries, where small and medium-sized firms dominate, companies already especially penalised by the costs of transition, uncertainty and the calculation stemming from the existence of so many currencies in Europe.
I would also repeat that all Members are entitled to request a filter for their system if they are being annoyed by these e-mails, which will then be removed.
Since, thanks to the courageous policy of their president, President Bouteflika, it has been demonstrated - and that at least is an achievement - that no voice of reason, no promise of amnesty, no attempt at reconciliation, in a word, no political solution will be accepted by the fanatics. We must take action, and we must recognise that those Member States that grant their leaders asylum, and sometimes more than that, are well and truly guilty of collusion in the events we are condemning here, with each speaker outdoing the last in a spiral of hypocrisy.
Relations between Mercosur and the EU are going through a very important period, since the negotiations for a free trade area have reached their sixth round and are proceeding at a fast pace.
Saying that the shock is asymmetric means that it only affects one particular country or one particular branch of industry.
We can therefore be glad that the proposal to create a specific independent committee was approved by the majority of our House; this means that those with political responsibility will be able to take decisions on the future of the important issue of ionization of foodstuffs based on the argued opinion of scientists.
European criminal law should not be created too hastily.
May I ask the Commission, why is it taking so long?
Very many colleagues have been there and know what the situation is like.
Europe has always played a leading role globally in the field of nuclear safety, and this programme will continue to assist us in this area over the next seven years.
I think this is an important step, but I think that what is important beyond that - and Mrs Doyle is right to insist on this, as is Mrs Riera - is that we multiply the practical information points.
I refer to the former President of the Commission, Jacques Delors, whom some of us would have liked to question.
I see there are no less than four Commissioners whose competences relate to food safety.
If a majority of so-called 'committed European' MEPs protect these so-called 'separatists' , so often implicated in Franco-African scandals, from the law, it is because, in fact, despite all the speeches they may make, they all share a certain idea of Europe: one where tax havens, arms dealers and oil companies reign supreme, a political world that is poisoned by money, and a contempt for justice and for the sovereignty of the African peoples, the front-line victims of this 'arms for oil' trafficking.
I should like, however, to take up one thing that Mr Poettering touched upon but did not really emphasise.
The problems relating to the ageing of the population are going to be one of the key issues and in order to deal with them we are clearly going to have to take measures on public debt and measures for improving the labour market, by achieving a greater level of activity, a greater level of employment, in particular of women and older workers, which can also help to counter some of these effects, as will reforms of the current social security systems which are coherent with employment and sustainability of the model.
- Before the vote on the common position:
The answer must be given, we cannot simply keep asking for it.
As for argument – day-to-day political argument – well, we need that too.
Mr President, Mr Commissioner! Mrs Hermange has drawn up for the Social Committee an excellent report on the participation in profits and equity of employees and on the Commission's PEPPER Report.
That is the main spirit and content of the report which the committee is proposing to us and which I hope the majority of this parliament will support tomorrow.
I think the Spanish Presidency is very concerned, for example, about the role of women in agriculture.
The final adopted document, which is the result of a compromise, is not an ideal text, but this document contains no defamation of an anti-Semitic character, no defamation of any specific country or region in the world, or of any religion.
It is no coincidence.
The horror transmitted through our television screens shows us just how necessary it is to get our relief agencies in and working.
'Expresses its sincere condolences and solidarity to the people of Burma and to the numerous victims; expresses sorrow to all those who are suffering the consequences of the catastrophe;'.
   Mr President, I would like to move a substitute wording, namely:
Basically, we can only say that there is still not much meat in the pot, as the Italians say, and that we are talking about the gender of angels, that is, the role and the links between the national parliaments and the European Parliament. This is a subject which, like the Loch Ness monster, keeps rearing its head in our debates but has never got us very far.
As we said during the debate, another issue that was not tackled sufficiently was the risk - very clear from the results of the European Innovation Panel of 2009 - of an 'innovation divide' between the countries and regions that innovate most and the rest.
But if we want to quote Goethe, we really could do better, for Goethe was a European through and through and he was pro-Europe.
That is why it is so important that we in the EU, and in all developed democratic countries, offer advice, help and support - including financial support - to those countries that are affected by war, internal violence, lack of human rights or discrimination.
Since May/June 2005, enlargement as a whole has come under fire.
Commissioner, we understand that the funding for LIFE + must be integrated into the EAFRD and the ERDF.
This report shows that there are indeed areas, as shown in the structural policy, in which culture may not at first glance appear to play a role, but in which closer inspection shows it to have a clear influence.
I consider that the enlargement of the ?U with another 10 countries from our continent is an historic enterprise which - whichever way you look at it - was sorely needed following the collapse of the two-pole system in Europe and the world.
   . Mr President, the setting-up of the External Action Service is extremely important, but it is also a very tricky thing to do successfully.
We began with the clear political goal of improving and simplifying the European Union's existing body of legislation.
The fairer and more technically advanced Europe is, the better we will do both as a democratic force in the information society and as a community which fulfils the Lisbon objectives, which at present feel a long way off.
Madam President, I rise to speak solely on the França report on mutual recognition of judgements in absentia.
If ever there was an example of bureaucracy at European level, this surely is it.
The compromise reached goes a long way towards responding to these expectations and therefore deserves our support.
European standardisation
As a result, my position is simply to advocate financial compensation until these subsidies are in fact abolished, since everyone claims to be in favour of abolishing them.
Allow me, as a Fleming, to express my surprise and indignation at the level of arrogance with which some spokespeople of the official Europe feel the need to interfere in the freedom of press and domestic politics of other Member States.
Well-organised criminal gangs are involved, and it is precisely their activity that the directive aims to hit hard.
Journalists close to the opposition were also targeted at the same time.
I think it is difficult to find two regions that have more in common in terms of values and interests than Europe and Latin America.
And it should not be attempted in the usual way, through the IGC, in the usual European way through proposals from the European Commission, through advice from Parliament, and on that basis there will be a result.
I approve your work (almost) without reservation.
A debate is currently still under way on whether it is possible at all to include such ammunition in weapons of mass destruction.
I want to condemn the attempts to misuse specific moments of difficulty and present them as a bad attitude on the part of the government in principle, and, above all, doing so in the European Parliament.
To conclude the debate, I have received one motion for a resolutiontabled in accordance with Rule 110(2) of the Rules of Procedure.
I particularly support the paragraph stressing that 'sexual and reproductive health and rights are an integral part of the women's rights agenda'.
Supporters of the EPLA make reference to the USA’s central federal patent court, but this system has led to excessive use of patent, and a considerable volume of litigation and malicious threats of litigation.
It is carried by small flies, by what we call midges, and has to be brought under control this summer.
Mr President, we have lost the vote on for referral back to the Committee, but the problem remains unsolved.
We have shown solidarity, in various ways, with the Palestinian people, and with those individuals and groups in Israel who are fighting for peace in the region.
It must be possible to work with the existing resources, with the available networks and databases.
I have to admit that, in this particular case, I do not have sufficient material to be able to answer the Member' s question concerning Sweden' s share and the procedure in question.
   Mr President, I should like to make it clear that the Bureau asked the Committee on Budgets to take a certain action, which Mrs Gill, as Budget rapporteur, could have done.
in writing. - (LT) Discussions about how to strengthen the role of European political parties by developing democracy in Europe and forming public opinion are very relevant.
I therefore voted in favour of this resolution, and I hope that the mobilisation of the EGF will contribute to the successful integration of these workers into the labour market.
First let me say that we really appreciate the input of the delegations that travelled to the region, in particular to Mr Hutchinson, Mr Kaczmarek and Mr Irujo Amezaga.
This is why it is proposed that an additional scrapping scheme should be carried out in the tanker sector during the first year of the Commission programme, to reduce the tanker fleet by at least an extra 10 %.
If the statistics provided by the individual Member States are correct, we should have a very large volume of development aid in 2008 and should be able to attain our Millennium Goals for 2010 and 2015.
Citizens regularly travel on ferries.
(HU) I feel that Mr Verheugen's efforts to help SMEs should be supported fully, and I would also like to thank Mr Schnellhardt.
As regards prices, let me be quite clear.
As long there is no genuine freedom of speech, and as long as children are tortured by the police, negotiations with Turkey are out of the question.
co-rapporteur. - Mr President, also as an acknowledgement of the frantic search by EU Member States to rescue the banking system, but not in a sufficiently coordinated way, we have thought that it makes sense to introduce this amendment. It reads: 'whereas the increasing cross-border nature of banking in Europe and the need to respond in a coordinated way to adverse shocks, as well as the need to deal with systemic risks effectively, require divergences between the national regimes of Member States to be reduced to the greatest extent possible; whereas there is a need to move beyond the studies that the European Commission has already carried out in this regard and to amend Directive 94/19/EC as soon as possible to provide the same level of protection for bank deposits across the whole European Union in order to preserve financial stability and depositors' confidence and avoid distortions of competition'.
EU policy on respect for human rights is one of the most important values which we are putting into practice.
I just want to add that the issue of the Kyoto Protocol will naturally be an important subject during the discussions between the European Union and the United States which will take place on 14 June 2001 at the European Council' s Summit in Gothenburg.
I want to place on record my thanks to the outgoing Commission because in all the heated debates we have had nobody has stopped to thank those members of the Commission who have worked very hard for the people of Europe, the people we all here tried to represent.
If you look at some of the recommendations in this report - of which I know the rapporteur on my particular side has done an awful lot of work to make sense - we call on Member States 'to provide [...] financial support for unremunerated work'.
However, with this non-committal pie-in-the-sky approach, we will not make any headway in Europe.
Statistical returns in respect of the carriage of goods by road as regards the implementing powers conferred on the Commission (
We cannot accept this.
But this cannot be taken so far that the principle is even applied in cases where it offers no practical benefit.
Feed for intensive livestock farming is therefore intended to be as cheap as possible.
The Commission then said that it would, of course, reply to the questionnaire, despite the fact that this point was not clarified.
That is incredibly important if attitudes are to be changed.
Vice-President of the Commission. - Mr President, please bear with me because I will try to respond to our three rapporteurs and the Ombudsman.
For this reason, the proposals we are about to make with a view to the coming Amsterdam Treaty must fulfil certain requirements, which I will run through quickly.
Institutional silence concerning responsibility, whether active or passive, through actions or through negligence, through conviction or the fear of causing problems following pressure from an ally nation: this silence is one of the major disgraces of the democratic context we live in today, and it affects all those involved.
Statistics now indicate that salmonella infection and other animal food-borne infections are tending to decline slowly, while vegetable-borne infection is on the increase.
I should like to finish off with a remark about the debate about standards and values with which this presidency started.
The Presidency is aware that there is no longer an active population in some regions.
It is an industry that generates 9 million jobs and could generate far more.
They feel overwhelmed by too many laws and uncertain in key areas of their lives: on the labour market, in the various different social security systems and in terms of how safe and secure they feel.
As a result, in addition to saluting all the women in the European Union and the world, I want to call here for urgent measures and new policies to ensure that women can enjoy their rights as full citizens in work, family life, society and politics.
When the Member States discover concern amongst the citizens - about growth or about employment - they launch the Lisbon Strategy and tell the European Commission to look for the funding.
Mr President, Mrs Moreau, as you can imagine, the opinion of Mr Schröder, the President of the Council, is well known to me.
I still believe that what we demand politically should not ignore the realities of life, and that applies in particular to threshold values for undesirable substances when compounded, or transferred, and so on, which are increasingly based on what is analytically feasible.
Strengthening international law and its instruments is a fitting response to 11 September; this then includes the International Criminal Court, which we have been fighting for years and which is an indispensable instrument.
It is vital that the accession negotiations should run alongside the institutional reforms.
Certainly, eight coins may seem too many but there is an important reason for this.
I want to give two answers.
With regard to the previous question, it did not relate to immigrant children who are in Europe with their families, but rather to immigrant children who arrive in the European Union alone: nobody is dealing with them and the governments do not know what to do.
If nationalism and protectionism are now gaining ground once more in many of the transition countries, and also many of the 'old' EU Member States, one of the reasons may be that people are overwhelmed by the speed, sometimes even the brutality, at which this internal market is being established.
Incidents flare up along the blue line blue from time to time but have been relatively minor so far.
In that way, a better world can be created.
The first deals with problems specific to the food industry, and that has now acquired great significance, of course, in the light of rising food prices, while the other relates to the challenges facing another of Europe's key industries, namely electrical engineering.
It is a tragedy!
That is exactly what I shall do, for there is only actually one question that can be on our minds today, and that is how we can implement this proposal as quickly as possible.
The four-star compartment is a freezer, but refrigerators have other compartments which require fewer stars. And these compartments are not given co-efficients, although they would meet the directive's requirements if they were.
(EL) Mr President, Commissioner, if we are to address the problem of our energy security in a reliable and viable manner, we need a global strategy which responds to the need to differentiate energy sources and adopt common rules in terms of transit countries, because our dependence on a single energy source is as bad as our dependence on a single transit country.
I trust that this will be included in the minutes of this session.
Mr Rübig, that is not something which should be recorded in the Minutes, but it will be recorded that you have spoken today on this issue.
But consider that the success of the euro will depend on its introduction running smoothly precisely where ordinary people are concerned.
In 68 cases it replaces the right of national veto with majority decision-making.
Europe is too complex and diverse for this aim to be achieved without solidarity.
That is where things are being held up because they cannot agree.
Regrettably, that aid is much less than it needs to be in order to put up an adequate resistance to American pressure.
Direct dialogue between the parties is essential.
In conclusion, therefore, we shall be voting against the rapporteur's Amendment No 2, but we shall be in favour of Amendments Nos 1 and 3.
George W. Bush is good for the US and good for Europe, and we welcome him to Europe.
We, as Members of the European Parliament, no longer accept the fact that you are not delivering.'
The conclusion of the agreement will result in increasing opportunities of economic and social development for the air carriers and passengers as well.
If that is the outcome of this debate then we have helped many people.
I agree that it is necessary to enhance the role of the relevant international institutions such as the International Labour Organisation (ILO), the World Trade Organisation (WTO), the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) and the United Nations, and to seek their cooperation in the development, implementation and promotion of basic international social standards.
Mr President, before going into the details of the various issues relating to the package of railway infrastructures, I would like to offer my heartfelt congratulations to the two rapporteurs, Mr Swoboda and Mr Jarzembowski, on the magnificent work they have done.
(FR) A new recital A bis:
The vote was held today on the motion for a resolution on rising food prices.
By contrast, at European level, I deplore and condemn the recommendations and resolutions adopted by the Council, which are always more restrictive and discriminatory as regards immigration and asylum.
It will then remain for the provisions of this convention to be actually implemented, which will not be easy, but let us consider nonetheless that the approach is positive.
However, within the current framework, which is hostage to the post-11 September attack on freedom, this court risks becoming, at best, an instrument without power or resources, and, at worst, an institution manipulated by the powerful few, being able to take action against all those who question the established order.
This question reflects the true feelings in that area which is undoubtedly one of scepticism, of terrible doubt, among those who ought to be the beneficiaries - in other words, the ordinary people - because in reality that regional development has not actually reached them.
(The sitting was closed at 11.06 p.m.)
The existence of the ATS has been known to the Council and the Commission since the joint review of the first PNR agreement's application was conducted in September 2005.
In Parliament's motion for a resolution, which has been drafted before the Cancún conference, there is a part which mentions a significant reduction - by more than 20% - in CO2 emissions from Member States.
We cannot begin to imagine the economic, social and environmental damage which would have occurred in the autonomous region of Madeira if the European institutions had yielded to the pressures which American-controlled multinationals determined to defend their own interests are continuing to exert on the banana market.
However, we would question whether the European Union is the appropriate authority to take decisions on many of the issues involved.
We also know that there are increasing rates of asthma, cancer and other diseases which probably originate from chemicals.
Diverse organisational forms have also been developed for such cooperation.
This single fee should also cover any additional national requirements for the publication of information in local and regional newspapers as well.
Only when we take note of these needs of citizens and take them seriously will the citizen in turn take the Union seriously.
We know that throughout this time the approach of the Member States has been so carefree, having implemented neither this nor other directives on the issue of water, that I believe Member States have been censured on more than 42 occasions for failing to comply with 17 directives in the field of waste water.
(DE) Madam President, Commissioner, Mr Solana, as we all know, risk scenarios are constantly changing.
The location of company headquarters and of many other business decisions today are determined not by economic aspects but, in practice, by fiscal aspects - by reasons unrelated to operational issues.
If the growth in emissions is really worrying, the available resources should be spent specifically on the development of emissions-free transport.
On previous occasions, such as the Delors I and II Packages, the Commission evaluated the objectives and the requirements, and then made the most moderate and cautious financial proposal possible.
As the Commissioner knows, this latest problem coming in the wake of the BSE crisis threatens to destroy agriculture and indeed unravel the entire CAP.
The chairman of another Spanish company has warned that worse is still to come.
Otherwise, her credibility will really torpedo.
(SV) Mr President, it is important that the EU grows, that growth is strong and that jobs are created.
The first option, then, is to send it back, with, if that does not happen, the next plenary sitting as an alternative.
In my view, that includes in particular laying down special provisions on environmental protection and the option of prohibiting or restricting the transport of certain hazardous goods.
The federal government would also appear to be worried by the incompatibility between the penal application of Sharia law and the international conventions signed by Nigeria.
If enforced, this verdict means that Ian Huntley, the Soham murderer; Ian Brady, the moors murderer: Robert Black, the child killer; and every paedophile and criminal in British prisons will have a say in what kind of government we elect.
There is also the problem of administratively cumbersome procedures and approval systems for the marketing of products.
All the measures called for must be carried out by the deadline set.
They also need us to give them a reality check from time to time.
It is particularly important to clarify that the Committee for Herbal Medicines should only deal with products for medicinal use, not food use.
As you will see, I only have 90 seconds here.
The terrorist attacks in the US showed that even third countries with sophisticated infrastructure can find it difficult to cope under extreme circumstances.
The funding is to be doubled, but where is it being channelled?
That really is one of the vocations of the European Parliament - to be the House for the voices of freedom in this world.
Could you inform the President that if this Parliament is to demonstrate its true virility, we need to review these?
The freedom of choice of parents in relation to bringing up their children is to be undermined.
We also know - and this is the third statement - that many of the commitments that we made at the G20 have not gone, to quote a Spanish poet, 'from the Muses to the theatre' - they have not gone from imagination to the written word.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, 2007 will be the key year for us all to find our own way to escape from the constitutional crisis and I am very pleased to hear from President Barroso that he plans for the Commission to play a central part in that exercise.
This evening's debate confirms this.
There are some examples already on the market, but this directive will make them much more frequent.
A year ago I was draftsman for the Committee on Development on the report about the crossing of external borders.
They never mention 'preference', except when it comes to encouraging an even greater liberalisation of our markets.
The best example of a benefit jointly achieved through a jointly financed project is fusion energy research under the ITER project.
I question the relative manner in which these matters are currently being discussed.
The Irish Environment Minister, Noel Dempsey, must comply with the terms of the directive and publish the results of the government's most recent study on nitrate levels in Irish drinking water.
I welcome this programme with open arms, for it will benefit the public, us in this House and the European Union as a whole.
This is what I want the next research programme to stand for.
Madam President, I had asked to speak during the votes.
The most significant thing I found in it was a picture of the footprint of one of Saddam Hussein's palaces.
The following amendments have been proposed:
(BG) Madam Commissioner, Mr. President, colleagues, equal participation of women and men on the labour market is a precondition for sustainable economic growth and harmonious social development.
We need people, including people from other countries, together with those who are already here.
In my view, the main questions are these: firstly, the type of specific measures that can be implemented - in other words, whether these measures should only relate to activities connected with agriculture in all its multifunctional aspects, or whether multisectoral contributions to rural development of a non-agricultural nature can be considered.
The Austrian Presidency now has the opportunity to make the difference.
At the same time, ladies and gentlemen, I would like to inform you that, contrary to some of the opinions that were expressed here, Hungary is in the process of rebuilding the rule of law.
I wish, however, to remind you of three fundamental issues, which are, actually, in the report and that I would like to bring to the fore.
Despite the increase in the cost of living, fruit should remain a staple part of children's diet throughout the European Union.
Meanwhile, Europeana is only guaranteed financial resources up until 2013, as part of a project financed partly by the European Commission and Member States, and also by private sponsors.
These are ideas from which we have always unequivocally distanced ourselves and will continue to do so.
While I would like to commend the work done by the rapporteur, as the draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Industry, Trade, Research and Energy I do have two critical observations concerning the vagueness of the European Union’s expenditures.
I recognise and fully support the United Nations' objectives of nuclear disarmament, gender mainstreaming, combating poverty, the Millennium Development Goals and the United Nations' important role in relation to promoting human rights and combating climate change.
The evidence from the various economies does not confirm this analysis.
The question of decentralization is a core problem.
Today, the capitalist system has turned soil and food into commodities, into objects of global speculation.
Your budgets denied rights and services to the most vulnerable in Irish society.
So there is no question of imposing new, extra-territorial burdens on European businesses that would put us at a disadvantage and jeopardise our internationally successful and developing financial markets.
However, there are so many aspects to Russia's problems that they justify the amendments which aim to enrich the overall consideration and specific application of the strategy.
There is one drop of bitterness for me in the fact that the Council could not bring itself to adopt the agreement as a Community agreement.
We have given far too little attention to the transport sector and to the potential of cogeneration.
In addition, in the first half of this year there will be two proposals covering transport as a whole with particular relevance obviously for rail: one relating to the extension of the working time directive to all transport workers and one in the form of a White Paper on infrastructure charges in transport generally.
Are they meeting quality targets?
To expect such measures from the Europe of imperialism and war is to delude oneself.
These proposals will promote competition between the companies which are in charge of providing these systems and will hopefully result in lower fares and more choice for travellers.
If anybody wants to take any serious look at global science and global warming and climate change, they will see that, actually, most informed, not politically-biased, scientists regard it as fact that we will actually have a colder planet by 2050, not a warmer one.
This is a Parliament; not a Christmas pageant.
Once again, I should like to congratulate the rapporteur, Mrs Estrela.
The future is companies which understand that they need to invest in making the population highly skilled, by helping society to interact with industry and companies in order to develop high-quality and highly innovative responses to the dynamic and demanding needs of the markets.
One thing I particularly welcome from the Commission's analysis - something it has indicated in the report that it will now do more work on - is that it highlights the importance of a highly competitive service infrastructure in the overall competitiveness of European industry.
This is a grotesque idea, the only redeeming feature of which is that we thus need not listen to the President either, as Spain was also a non-combatant country in the Second World War.
At a time when we are complaining, feeling we are experiencing a period of decline, the rest of the world is concerned about the US deficits, the trade deficit and budget deficit.
The wish to have gone further is frequently expressed; it is taken to suggest failure and gives rise to feelings that the situation is in crisis, which do not reflect the true picture.
(RO) I urge the European Union's 2011 budget to provide a better reflection of, and support for, youth policy.
It is very easy to say to other people, to the Israelis and the Palestinians, what they must do, but perhaps we should consider what Europe is doing, what we are doing, because we can do something about that, because it is in our hands.
Instead, he clings to the reassuring dogmas of the old school of thought, organised around the concept of 'everything for the Community' : the High Representative of the CFSP must be communitised, decisions on joint action must be reached by a majority, and so forth.
I also believe, for example, that the election process, including the pre-election and post-election phases, should be included in the political dialogue with the third countries concerned.
The goal named in Points 4 and 5 – the stability of the Euro zone – needs clarification about what stability is, when not one of the 12 Euro zone members managed to meet all criteria at the time of accession and continue to infringe them to this day, especially the inflation and non-excessive budget deficit indicators, and what damage can expansion do?
The impact of those setbacks for the following year will probably not be fully known to us until the end of October, to be exact.
(FI) Madam President, it was high time we established common European rules to protect our citizens and patients.
It is so rare for us to have debates on equality here in plenary.
I also believe that we should not underestimate, and this is a question that I put to you, the stranglehold and the force of the lobbies of the foreign ministries.
You will see that the process of democratisation in China leads nowhere.
Amendment No 3 requires the Council and the Member States to issue the Commission with a mandate to negotiate with the International Maritime Organisation; the honourable Members are aware that, although we do not formally have full powers within the international Maritime Organisation, we are coordinating the latest actions.
It may be that the reasoning underlying the imperative that states should be at arms' length from political parties and their financial arrangements, is best satisfied if, at European level, they are linked to the Commission rather than to Parliament.
As the Advocate General pointed out in paragraph 59 of his Opinion, 'coordination excluding stateless persons and refugees would have meant that the Member States, in order to ensure compliance with their international obligations, had to establish a second coordination regime designed solely for that very restricted category of persons'.
On the basis of the convention model, we want the result of that convention also to be the role played by the governments in the Intergovernmental Conference.
It is good that this report sends a strong signal to the Commission and the Council, which are about to start investment negotiations with third countries like Canada, India and, soon to come, China.
The 'complementarity' criterion invites three comments.
As my colleagues rightly said, we speak about America's defeat of communism and Nazism.
We have many shared interests in promoting security and tackling threats such as terrorism and drug-smuggling.
There is no evidence whatsoever for such an assertion, whereas there is an enormous amount of evidence concerning its damaging effects on health.
With the 2010 strategic report, Parliament has the first occasion for analysis and evaluation of the outputs and results of cohesion policy implementation.
This is the minimum time necessary to agree such important issues.
We are therefore in favour of allocating the earmarked resources over three years rather than five and distributing them primarily on the basis of historical data, broadly according to the same criterion used for all other reforms adopted until now.
Madam President, Commissioner, Mr López Garrido, with the analysis of Passenger Name Record (PNR) data, as with SWIFT, an attempt is being made to reconcile the fight against global terrorism and serious crime with the fundamental rights of all to the protection of privacy and information self-determination.
The Charter is intended for all those who want to complete a formal or informal period of education or further education abroad, but there must also be a certain balance, not only for the students’ benefit, but also to promote the use of the Leonardo programme and create more openings for businesses to take on trainees.
I should like to stress that this directive is a concrete European measure that is geared towards the Europe of the people and which grants new rights to Europeans. Therefore, it is absolutely crucial for the mobility of citizens within the Union.
The original compromise, the only one to work – which consisted of opening everything to the market whilst guaranteeing the smooth functioning of the market through greater transparency – was not fully observed and that was the aim of the discussion has taken place to date.
The greatest tragedy of the earthquake was the loss of a whole generation of Kashmiris.
No deliveries of feed fat were made outside of Germany.
The point of education is to ensure that our citizens have work.
This will give us an opportunity to examine matters and perhaps contribute with initiatives which we need to take jointly ...
Thank you, Commissioner Bolkestein.
In addition, it has made accusations concerning development and environmental activities by Greece in the areas in question, many of which are funded by relevant European Union programmes.
We all know that the shaping of Europe rests on the principles of Community preference (Treaty of Rome) and on the preservation of the economic interests of the ACP countries with whom the EU Member States have committed under an agreement of original, specific and close co-operation (Lomé Agreements).
As already stated in the answer to which I referred, the European Union is willing to assist the Philippines in developing its judicial system.
The question, therefore, arises as to what would happen if the US did not support a 30% threshold, if it were established.
In the case of the other institutions, it is worth noting that the Court of Auditors' increased need for funding is due to the downpayments on its new headquarters (in the final analysis, this method for funding the new headquarters will be cost-effective for European taxpayers) and, in the case of the European Court of Justice, it will need funding for its new urgency procedure, which requires funding in order to employ additional staff.
Let me say quite clearly at this point: as the strongest EU Member State economically speaking, Germany will continue to bear its European responsibility and remain the greatest net contributor.
But there is one thing I would say to Mrs Dury.
That is why we will actively pursue our efforts towards creating a safer online environment for children by informing parents, empowering teachers and asking for coordinated action by national governments and educational societies.
I think it is regrettable that we have not committed to a 120 g/km ceiling from 2012.
In other words, a wide variety of fields where basic and applied research could be effectively blended, with the possibility to move first in one direction, then in another, depending on the opportunities and openings each approach offered. However, alongside this major fundamental research effort, there would also be a number of targeted schemes.
We are well aware of the efforts of the OSCE mission, which is seeking peace in the region on a shoestring budget, with a great deal of commitment and often with restrictions on the exercise of its mandate.
In our view, the second crucial point is the exchange of information, on which Eurogroup members have made a start.
The first is that - as has already been said, and I join in the congratulations and celebrations - the indictment of President Bashir demonstrates the importance of putting an end to this situation, especially in Darfur, although it relates to the whole context of Sudan.
To conclude the debate on the international conference on financing for development in Monterrey, I have received four motions for resolution.
On 17 December 2010, the Commission launched a new equal opportunities strategy for the period to 2014, in which it set new targets for the number of women in senior and middle management positions and for the recruitment of women to administrator (AD) posts in the Commission's directorates-general, departments and services.
Then both industry and environmental organisations will be able to achieve consensus.
We have enormous potential for this.
Instead, I will use my speaking time to simply ask you for a Christmas present: for you to bring us, by Christmas, a nice chart including an exhaustive list of the data that has been handled and the way in which it has been handled within all of these data bases, the categories of data, the legal basis, the method of handling each type of data, the rights of the individual to access and correct data regarding them and abuses concerning them, and the method used for each type of data for transfer outside the European Union.
The Committee found the Commission’s desire to limit their role to no more than the pursuit of the EU’s objectives incomprehensible.
I do understand that Mr Posselt and others are saying that we should act anyway, even if we do not keep to the Rules of Procedure.
In light of the fact that EU Member States presently have different structures for preventing and combating counterfeiting, there will be a need for structures for exchanging information between all the EU law enforcement agencies.
My question, therefore, is how does the Presidency view this matter and how do you think the matter should be addressed by the Member States, in light of the fact that, as we all know, Cuba tabled a motion before the UN General Assembly on 28 October for the US embargo to be lifted?
Earlier this year, as well as that presentation to foreign ministers, I hope that I gave the European Parliament exactly the same candid presentation on our external relations budget.
The committee of which I am Chairman, and Parliament in general, were strongly in favour of the Convention and advocated the drawing up of a European Constitution.
I firmly believe that the aim of economic policy should be to raise the quality of life of all of our people.
I voted for this resolution because I believe that the partnership agreement will support regional integration and promote the progressive integration of the economies of the African, Caribbean and Pacific Group of States into the global economy, while also encouraging the sustainable social and economic development of these countries, thereby contributing to the eradication of poverty.
Commissioner, I hope that this Sixth EU-China Summit on 30 October in Peking will be successful in the sense to which the Commission and the Council have referred in their statements.
Frankly, these are all things that Mr Barroso does not represent.
We might be able to ask oral questions about the political relevance of the EU 2020 strategy in the context of the current economic and financial crisis, but we are not allowed to bring our demands to bear on this strategy and change it, make up for shortfalls or, perhaps, even change the priorities.
Member of the Commission. Madam President, we all agree that, unfortunately, these elections were a real disappointment, but I hope that democracy in Nigeria will become a force in the future, and not a farce.
We really cannot completely ignore the polluter pays principle here but, as you know, there is a sort of solidarity over and above that, in the form of a fund of EUR 300 million, which the Commission has been demanding to see increased to EUR 1 billion for some time now - for several months in fact.
If I have understood matters correctly, Mr McCreevy submitted initial measures concerning the banks to the Commission last week.
Everyone should therefore be delighted with this situation.
This also means that, since nuclear energy currently accounts for 30% of Europe's energy production, none of the 14 Member States that choose nuclear energy can afford to close down their nuclear power plants immediately without first consulting the other Member States, and examining both potential alternative energy sources and network-related issues in the process.
Madam President, are we really surprised that we did not reach agreement?
This measure would make it possible, in a similar way to the school milk scheme, to offer fruit and vegetables to 6- to 10-year-old children in schools in the EU from the 2009/2010 school year.
I would remind the House that deciding whether something is performing well, or whether those running businesses are adhering rather too diligently to healthy free-market principles, is no job for social dialogue.
As the title of your report indicates, what happens to the world's climate in 2015 and beyond will depend on what action the international community decides now.
Sadly, this is not just an isolated incident in a country where breaches of human rights, including women's rights, is achieving disturbing records.
Political union, economic union, common social policy, integrated ecological intervention here and throughout the world, these are the real reasons we want the Union and I hope and believe in my heart of hearts that our honourable friends from the candidate countries want the same, rather than to discuss other, more minor considerations.
I think that if we are capable of moving forward in our discussion, without being dogmatic, looking at what is happening and what it would be appropriate to do, our ideas will begin to take shape.
in writing. - (FR) The European Parliament has approved the Community Strategy for reducing CO2 emissions from passenger cars and I welcome this very much.
We should learn in the name of competitiveness to refrain from burdening and cluttering the European Union from excessive regulation or initiatives which are not strictly necessary.
in writing. - Mr President, once again it seems the laws we pass here are not being implemented across all Member States.
Two other amendments have been proposed concerning Irish architects.
There was quite a lot of contention at earlier readings on this directive as to whether all donations had to be voluntary or unremunerated.
I have pointed out that, in view of the facts and the experience we have had with earlier actions in this context, we are prepared to finance this activity 100 % within the internal market.
It is as a Luxembourg woman that I am speaking to you, and it was this Luxembourg woman who developed, with you, the European Year of Languages, of all languages without exception, whether recognised languages, non-recognised languages, majority languages or minority languages, because I have always maintained that there are no great languages and minor languages: there are only maternal languages and they are all, by definition, great.
This report is an example of that hard work, though the subject of better air traffic management is one which Mr Cornelissen addressed years ago in the Dutch parliament too and has continued to address with great industry.
This state of affairs has caused suffering in many countries, as the pay of workers posted to them temporarily has considerably undercut national wage levels.
Thank you very much, Mr Nielson, for your optimistic view of the future.
The European Union regards it as a key mechanism for protecting and promoting human rights.
Both extensions to the Commission's proposal require deeper analysis of better regulation principles and the cost and impact of existing business.
I believe it would be more beneficial if the Member States invested the money in research in their native countries (including the international research exchange currently taking place between universities) or to support basic mainstream education.
The second point, Mr Harbour, is the recent ruling of the European Court of Justice in the Portuguese case, where a long-established state monopoly exercises strict control over gambling.
We shall do our utmost to improve the level of consultation with all interested parties in keeping with the spirit of the proposals tabled in Parliament's report.
I am particularly pleased that the report supports the Commission's view that action on the donation and transplantation of organs must focus on: firstly, improving the quality and safety of organs; secondly, increasing the availability of organs; and thirdly, making transplants safe.
Klaus Hänsch asked the Council not to let its meetings degenerate into declaratory summits, but now, when I compare the statements with what is actually happening, Mr Hänsch's call remains a pious wish.
We therefore welcome the news that the Commission has finally addressed this matter and proposed, by means of a fast-track procedure, amendments to the 4th and 7th Company Law Directives concerning disclosure requirements for medium-sized enterprises and the obligation to produce consolidated financial reports.
   Mr President-in-Office of the Council, I should also like to return to the comments you made which suggested that the directive currently being decided on and debated within the Council is in line with Parliament’s wishes.
And that includes pressing on with solving the problems in the countries from which the migrants come.
The agreement includes transparency on regulation, efficient enforcement of commitments, better protection of intellectual property rights and 'WTO-plus' rules on subsidies which will all be to the benefit of all manufacturers selling in Korea.
My thanks to those who work with me more intensively on some of the specific dossiers in which we are engaged.
These are substances that have helped to make cigarettes even more habit-forming than they would be without these substances.
It is the biggest case of old-fashioned traditional food aid - shipping in wheat which is good for the farmers of Wisconsin and elsewhere but not good for the survivability and sustainability of people in Ethiopia.
Mr Tajani knows, of course, that we would be happy to collaborate with him in this area.
It is relevant because of the Lisbon process.
It will speed up the process of getting rid of this unsatisfactory situation.
Long-term security is important, but we would ideally like a well-functioning instrument with a vision until 2020.
All the means needed to achieve the effective extended participation of all parliamentarians must be guaranteed, whether they represent the EU or, in particular, the African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) group of states.
Certainly earmarking is perhaps the principal example of such a provision which Parliament has tended to oppose, but let me emphasise very strongly that earmarking is not anti-cohesion.
Which principles it and the USA applied when setting up the International Criminal Tribunal, which is illegal under the UN Charter, in order to try President Milosevic and anyone else who resisted American and NATO intervention?
Now the news from Moldova is that the principles of human rights and the rule of law have been violated, the people's democratic right to stage demonstrations has been disregarded, and, furthermore, restrictions have been placed on the activities of the media.
The cost of producing the milk is higher than the price for which it is sold.
I hope the human rights dialogue can take place in public.
However, Ukraine must implement the necessary far-reaching reforms, in particular, of the judicial system, the electoral system and the constitution, in order to be able to enjoy the opportunities which this agreement can offer with regard to association and economic integration with the EU.
Let me conclude with words of hope.
Here, the debate was even inflamed by hotheads who wanted to kidnap the budget to force access to own resources, in other words, EU taxation.
- At the end of the notice on the membership of committees and delegations
Members, however, have pointed out that the support given to renewable energy sources must be compatible with the other Community objectives, in particular the principle of "respect for the waste treatment hierarchy".
As many previous speakers have pointed out, India is the world’s largest democracy, with a diversity of religions, cultures and ethnicities, whilst being at the same time a rising economic power.
I will now proceed to set out the most important consequences of this compromise.
I think the report glosses over the basic questions and that it is contradictory.
That Convention was ratified 60 years ago this year, and over these 60 years it has given many citizens faith that justice could be found even against their own state.
It is quite straightforward and I appreciate that your predecessor, Mr Bolkestein, wrote saying that there were reasons for not revealing some of the correspondence.
At a time when we are living through what might be called a crisis of the European idea, it is good to reiterate the European added value that territorial cooperation provides.
Your staff and you yourself have always given us inestimable support.
At the same time, we have to distinguish between different drinks.
But the transformation and the strengthening of a peaceful civil society, which is part of the solution and an element in the solution, can only be stimulated by a stronger involvement of NGOs.
In the context of the fight against terrorism, which is, unfortunately, a highly topical subject again, and one that affects us all deeply, we must ensure that fundamental rights and public freedoms are respected.
A new anti-discrimination directive will simply not give us the clarity that Commissioner Špidla promised.
A fairly long transitional period will enable people to pay with the old currency and the euro.
Firstly, Skuratov has only exposed a very small part of a practice which has been going on for years, and certainly at least since 1990, that is the systematic manipulation of international credits by the Central Bank of Russia.
However, many other steps need to be taken to prevent the reoccurrence of the truly immoral situations that have arisen in the recent past.
The Commission welcomes the intention of the Presidency to discuss the proposals set out in the fifth cohesion report.
   . Mr President, too little too late, that is how one can describe Commissioner Mandelson’s recent announcement that use will be made of the textile-specific safeguard clause which permits Europe to limit imports until 2008.
I therefore call on the Commission to go out and explain to EU citizens before discharge what exactly has happened to the EUR 800 million a year for Turkey.
With those provisions that I have outlined, we will support Mr Schmitt's report, but we have reservations on those six amendments and in particular Amendment No 16.
Mr President, I only partly agree with Mr Krarup.
It must also be able to provide an appropriate response on more specific matters.
My comments on the subject of the outermost regions and the need for adequate cohesion and coherence between various policies also applies to the most disadvantaged regions, whether these are urban regions, which are increasing in number, or island or maritime regions, to reply to Mr Ripoll y Martinez de Bedoya who questioned me on this subject.
This policy of non-cooperation has done more than anything else to highlight the need, the urgent need for more widespread majority decision-making in the Council.
Now they have 23%.
Openness about those problems and the measures taken to tackle them will make us better able to reassure the doubters.
Europe absolutely must now gather momentum and give substance to this idea that some of us, many of us, have been defending here in the European Parliament and elsewhere for several years, namely the implementation of a European civil intervention body, green helmets or white helmets - the colour is of little importance - people, resources and common strategies.
This specific programme has several focal points, the policy objectives of which I would like to discuss in detail now.
I hope that the Commissioner will see that this is implemented and aim at finding a solution to the situation as soon as possible.
However, I must point out that in some cases these roles are not very practical, because in some cases they are just a mere declaration of principles which have not been translated into concrete objectives to be met by farmers and be controlled by the authorities or control bodies.
The Pakistani regime chooses to continue to give the military major influence over the country, and this at the expense of more democratic development.
I therefore voted in favour of the report.
(The sitting was closed at 11.35 a.m.)
Mr President, as Parliament, and Mr Posselt especially, knows, for the Member States party to Title IV of the Treaty establishing the European Community, the principles relating to controls and surveillance of external borders of the European Union are governed by Community law, in accordance with the Protocol implementing the Schengen acquis in the European Union, as drawn up by the Treaty of Amsterdam.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I think that it is an excellent political conjuncture to be debating women in rural areas just when the reform of the common agricultural policy is being finalised, the reform of the common fisheries policy is continuing and nothing in the planned reforms has been decided for women.
In Parliament we have the Petitions Committee and the Officer of the Ombudsman to oversee allegations of maladministration.
Democracy is about a proper interplay between the forces of any particular society.
This resolution was taken on behalf of the European Community with regard to the conclusion of the 2006 International Tropical Timber Agreement, tabled by the Commission.
Mr President, I too want to express my appreciation for Mr Fassa's report.
These provisions result logically from the principle of a single supranational currency, as adopted at Maastricht.
We are talking about an instrument - the information and communications technologies - which is fundamental to the future development of competitiveness, and to an increased quality of life for our citizens.
Mr President, Mrs Taubira Delannon has not been able to make it from Guyana to Strasbourg, held up no doubt by a few local difficulties we are all aware of.
The requirements propose to allow the authorities access to the facilities of all service providers, that is, telephones, mobile phones, Internet, etc.; and given the current extremely shoddy drafting, this is open to abuse. I would also like to ask: given that the user requirements specify that the police has access to all service providers without exception, does this include Parliament' s in-house service?
I understand the rapporteur, Mrs Svensson, and share her opinion that the large number of petitions and concerns expressed by consumers and citizens throughout the EU means that the Commission cannot remain inactive over the matter of banning the trade in cat and dog fur.
It was an oversight on my part in my first speech that I omitted to mention the fact that one of the Commission's basic jobs is monitoring demographic developments and this is presented in the annual social report supported by the European Observatory on the Social Situation, Demography and Family, which funds important studies.
(The President approved the common position)
We have the sad task of having to pass on our sincere condolences to the families of victims who died in the floods and of all those who were injured but next, and in order to provide for all eventualities, we also need to adopt the appropriate means to demonstrate, in real figures from the budget, the solidarity of all Europeans with the suffering caused to families, goods and infrastructures in these two Spanish regions.
This being the case, the proposals presented to us are entirely aimed at considerably improving the situation for those professions that have so far been excluded from the various measures that already exist.
And we should not fear to state, loud and clear, that to respond by turning inward on ourselves is to court disaster.
At the same time it recognises that trade is not the panacea for development.
If you think back, it was a year ago that the great crisis occurred, with the failure of a financial proposal from the Luxembourg Presidency – a proposal, I might add, that was not all that far removed from the one we have adopted today, and so I would like to take this opportunity to say a very big thank you to Jean-Claude Juncker, who deserved to see this day in his presidency.
A better knowledge base is a prerequisite for further discussion of this matter.
It is therefore inappropriate to urge the applicant countries to abstain from the kind of farming and forestry practices that we view as normal.
Will they strengthen or weaken the Community objectives referred to in Mrs Kinnock’s question, and what is the EU’s response to the US initiative?
So I expect the Commission, together with the EASA, to be able to submit specific proposals in the very near future, which will be integrated fully in the implementation of the Single European Sky.
A sensitive issue, however, is the desire for more European cooperation in intelligence activities.
We have growing economic and trade links, and - we have to admit - a high level of interdependency with regard to energy, common interests in other areas that relate to problems that go beyond even our respective countries, and challenges, including global challenges, which we need to tackle and which we should tackle as jointly as possible.
Energy and climate change (conclusion)
Mr President, I wish to begin by thanking Mrs Ghilardotti and all the other rapporteurs for their work on this particular Commission proposal.
Recently, I led a delegation from this Parliament to Turkey.
I am convinced that we still need production control instruments in order to guarantee stable prices for producers and give them the security to plan ahead, so that they can meet the high expectations of the consumers and the legislators.
It is also wrong to dispute the connection between the Cohesion Fund and the euro area.
In Botswana, Namibia, Swaziland and Zimbabwe, a fifth of the adult population is infected or ill with AIDS.
It was firmly established from the outset that this was not to be a cut-throat liberalisation.
We support Malta's accession.
What I would like is for the plenary to vote in favour of Slovenia, that is, to say ‘yes’ to it, and do the same with Amendments 1 and 3 on Estonia, but firmly reject the Liberals’ Amendment 2, which implies that the Commission and the European Central Bank have made gross errors in assessing the situation in Lithuania and that the Commission should therefore submit a revised version of its convergence report.
   . Mr President, in 1977, the Council adopted the Sixth VAT Directive.
It seems to me to make all kinds of sense to delegate the responsibility for small-scale projects to the Commission's representative in South Africa.
   I would like to thank Mr Toomas Hendrik Ilves for his thorough and detailed report.
The first proposal was not accepted, and another proposal is now before the Council of Ministers.
I believe that in many cases the right answer is more Europe, not less.
We have made nothing like the progress on railways which we ought to have achieved.
I do hope that Members will support this motion, because this is something we can actually change for the better.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, all of you perhaps future users of short-range public transport!
I would have expected us to discuss the European Union's cooperation with China in reforming the global financial system, bearing in mind China's balanced and constructive position, especially now, before the G20 summit in London.
Europe needs to adopt advanced systems for broadband and Internet use that are accessible to all and are also able to reach rural and outlying areas, as required by the Digital Agenda.
Fifthly, I demand of us ourselves that we use the funds we are left with for information and communication.
This does not mean we can be confident that things are moving in the right direction in Belarus.
But if expense funds are moved elsewhere, for example if more funding is needed for daily expenses, to the detriment of the forum for NGOs and citizens, then that is a political matter.
In this communication the Commission proposed that a director should be appointed, depending on the case, by the management board or by the Commission.
At least the people of the Philippines are well aware of the value of democracy.
You said that you did this so as not to rattle trans-Atlantic relations.
Too much complex government interference gives rise to high costs.
I hope that, at the end of June, the European Council will create the necessary conditions for the completion of this final stage and that the Irish are given the conditions they need to tackle this issue.
We talk about solidarity, and internal cohesion.
Mr Chichester, I can tell you that the report has been included on the order of business for the November part-session in Strasbourg.
Yes, some ingredients used in chemicals are very hazardous, but the risks of using them depend on how they are used and depend on compliance with maximum residue levels (MRLs) in our food.
With such statements we not only question the competence of the ECJ, we express doubt in its impartiality, risk distorting the EU's institutional system and encourage people's lack of confidence in it.
It is generally agreed that what our farmers need is the security to plan ahead.
On 27 November 2003, for example, the Justice and Home Affairs Council adopted a conclusion on the main elements of this agency.
In a country such as mine - Spain - which is going through a demographic crisis that, if possible, is more serious than the average in the European Union, this type of communication from the Commission and this type of debate are very helpful, because this is a deep-rooted, structural problem rather than a short-term situation, and these things take the problem out of the national political debate and make it much broader, with greater capacity for analysis and response.
Like the European Parliament, the Commission also sees the European fish-processing industry as an important sector of the economy.
The aforementioned funds would be more usefully spent on helping at least the children living in poverty by improving their living conditions.
The way animals are kept and fed has a particularly strong influence on the quality of the product, of the foodstuff they go to produce.
But participation in technological developments, like text processing devices or videophone technology, and use of multimedia applications and increased communications, have been made more and more difficult for them over the years.
We want to fill the gap of democratic legitimacy after all the pain we witnessed when the referenda were held.
Even so, the Irish Presidency was successful and brought to a conclusion the task done so remarkably by the Italian Presidency, which had achieved agreement on 95% of the Convention’s work.
There is no justification - economic, cultural or whatever - for subjecting animals to the cruelty which the live export trade involves.
The different backgrounds of the staff members will make the EEAS a melting pot of corporate cultures, and it will gradually have to establish a culture of its own.
The vote will take place today at 12 noon.
I would like to highlight one more point that warrants special attention from the Commission.
However, I believe that this danger of a rift between the new Member States, in particular, and the old Member States is a political risk which should not be underestimated in this whole debate.
One-minute speeches on matters of political importance
At the moment, many shops do not send goods to all EU Member States, and our transactions are often terminated.
I am sure everybody is aware that there is an ongoing discussion within the Commission itself at the present time.
Mr Bertrand rightly ascribed the success of the European Union to its having married economic progress with social progress.
We recognise that the representation of the sexes in the mass media and advertising raises serious questions regarding the protection of the dignity of men and women and that, in the education sector, girls and boys are often discouraged from following non-traditional paths, but other complicated issues also arise, such as the freedom of means of communication.
Surely this cannot be treated as a problem to be solved through more propaganda offices and more money for providing information etc. Must we not respect these votes as a grass-roots decision, that is to say one rejecting the Constitution?
If we fail to do so, the ESDP will be simply a paper policy, and we shall be powerless.
(Parliament rejected the proposal)
In other words, is the development of closer relations between the European Union and Switzerland undertaken with an eye to membership of Switzerland in the European Union at a future date; if so, when can we expect this, and what must Switzerland and the European Union do before then?
I wanted to make an understatement and, as the Commissioner has pointed out, it is difficult to make a joke in a language that is not one' s own.
   . Mr President, I should like to express my gratitude to the Committee on Culture and Education, in particular to Mrs Hennicot-Schoepges, and to the other committees involved, for all the valuable comments on and amendments to the Commission’s proposal concerning the European Year of Intercultural Dialogue.
In other words, we expect the Council to provide, without undue delay, written answers to questions put by the competent committees and rapporteurs within Parliament.
Harmonisation of laws would be a great contribution to preventing crimes of this kind and it would help in the more effective prosecution of offenders in all Member States.
On the other hand those who do not have such training will remain marginalized and condemned to unemployment and low-skill jobs.
In 11 out of 12 countries that is what has happened.
The President-in-Office can confirm that the conclusion of the trade negotiations with South Africa is a priority for the UK Presidency.
The greatest challenge that we have to face in most of our countries is that of unemployment.
4.
With regard to the provisions of the US reform, which failed in 2006 in the wake of some very strong opposition, and which some of you followed closely, it will not be possible to undermine the rights that we have negotiated.
This is why it is useful that you have reminded us of the sensitivities surrounding this issue in the Netherlands, and that you have indicated the direction from which solutions are expected to arrive there.
That is why the UN must get involved in Darfur as a matter of urgency.
The adoption of this basic act in a short timeframe is very important in order not to disrupt the Community's financial support for those organisations, and notably the European Women's Lobby.
It is, after all, the Member States which have to apply European legislation once it is adopted. It is perhaps sensible to involve them in the adoption of detailed implementing measures.
in writing. - (FR) On the basis of the report by Mr Böge, I voted in favour of the resolution approving the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council on the mobilisation, within the framework of the European Union's general budget for 2008, of the sum of EUR 10.8 million by way of commitment and payment appropriations under the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund with a view to aiding the automobile sector in Spain and the textiles sector in Lithuania.
When the political will is strong enough, Europe can move forward quickly and effectively.
The proposal is designed to provide a legal basis for continuing financial support for organisations working at European Union level to promote equality between men and women.
Rights of homosexuals in Namibia
There is the human solidarity towards the people who land on our coasts; there is also the solidarity that countries far from the Mediterranean must show towards countries surrounded by or bordering the Mediterranean.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am fundamentally against the establishment of the European Institute of Innovation and Technology.
Alternative methods of financing are also being considered, i.e. new ways of providing the EU with funds.
Our challenge is together to find economically and politically credible answers, and the Commission will continue to work with that in mind.
This affair of barriers to trade is being tackled as if the problems were only of a technical nature.
Globalisation and rapid economic development are giving rise a rise in the demand for flights in the EU.
Some Members asked about the rules and whether we should revisit them.
Robust and determined early regulatory action will be needed to create the open environment we all seek, and one which is in the real interests of all citizens and economies of Europe.
Suffice for me to remind you of a few serious accidents, one in France and one in Italy, which were both directly the result of the fact that the aviation staff did not have a sufficient command of English, the official language.
This would give the Commission the chance to take on board the arguments adduced by Parliament in the Committee debates, whilst directing it, in unambiguous terms, to thoroughly revise the directive.
The second part of my report concerns the creation of a European public prosecutor's office.
The average income per person in such families is usually significantly lower than in the families of single mothers.
Article 10 of the Regulation provides for an extension of airspace organisation to lower airspace and requires the Commission to determine any other steps that might be necessary 'in the light of progress achieved'.
The crucial question then, and now, is what can, and must, the EU do to improve the situation?
Although the willingness that the report seems to express is overdue, it nonetheless represents a positive development in attitudes within the European Union.
   . I think that supervision of the secret services is primarily the responsibility of the Member States, and that it is the Member States who must ensure that the activities of the services concerned take place within the limits of the rule of law and in accordance with their legislation.
We are also going to communicate the Commission's grounds for deciding that no infringement of Community law has taken place.
These fatal accidents are often caused by speeding.
I demand genuine decision-making powers in connection with the basic aspects of the common fisheries policy and the regulations governing, for example, market organisation, the preservation and management of stocks, supervisory regulations and the tools of structural policy; in other words, nothing less than codecision making by Parliament.
By adopting a common position in this form, we are sending out a clear signal that we support changes to improve European standards for the protection of young mothers.
The Commission proposal defines three standards for grading these waters.
We have undoubtedly taken a step forward in relation to this energy policy which we all share and let us hope that this directive will soon result in a harmonised method and a unified model for promoting cogeneration which allows us to achieve the objectives which we have all been pursuing for some time.
We shall continue with our efforts to convince developing countries in this matter.
The opportunities, advantages and benefits of innovation must be extended to everybody and must be inclusive.
These are all extremely important issues, but they are not tragic.
Those arguments, and others, lead us to oppose the Sindal report.
An extensive, clean, smart grid is needed to connect to our neighbours in the south who have the potential to generate solar energy using high technology and large-scale plants.
Certainly - and I agree with the rapporteur on this point too - Jordan has a less than perfect record on human rights and democracy, but I am sure we would all be pleased if Jordan's achievements, which Jordan itself is keen to improve, could be repeated in other parts of the world, especially in the 'classic' developing countries.
B5-0553/2002 by Mr Oostlander, on behalf of the PPE-DE Group, on the International Criminal Court;
Instead, they prefer to rely on their own national solutions to energy matters, and to bargain with suppliers from third countries.
We need a decision of that kind to be taken locally.
We have 150 opinions on the Green Paper before us.
This time I am particularly interested in Mr Alyssandrakis's report as I myself was the rapporteur of a similar report in the fifth framework programme.
I think that it is the designation of the President that has been ratified or approved by Parliament, but I do not think that insisting on talking about an elected President, when the President has been designated, is in accordance with the Treaty of Amsterdam.
An international court of law was then proposed for Yugoslavia - it was pure window dressing. Nobody expected much of it, except the late Member, Alexander Langers, who at that time had compiled an excellent report on the matter.
Let me repeat that this is not about the 60-kilometre radius, or about the post and service industries.
We will not start up a discussion on this!
These issues must and will be addressed in the recasting of the railway package, and perhaps in other strategic documents as well.
I wish to make some general comments.
I would suggest that Amendments Nos 9 and 27 are premature in that they seek to close off such consideration and decision.
Parliament should attend to such a major issue with great seriousness, in order, later on, to be able to welcome both of these countries into our midst in the appropriate manner.
If it were to be accepted paragraph 131 would read: ‘Recognises the impact of mass rape in making women and girls vulnerable to contracting HIV/AIDS; urges the EU to ensure that the provision of full medical attention be made available immediately to all women and girls who have been raped;’.
As a matter of principle, the Commission respects the different social models chosen by the Member States.
(PL) Madam President, Commissioner, Mr Stockmann deserves our gratitude.
We need as few taxes as possible, but we need a proper basis: we do not need 163 different value added tax regulations, but rather a definition of tax fraud and many other issues.
European Union assistance to the West Bank and Gaza Strip from 1994 to 1998 totalled EUR 1.5 billion and European Union assistance to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency during the same period totalled approximately EUR 505m.
We must come up with specific solutions for specific situations.
Is it being specifically identified as an enlargement region once the first round of enlargement has been completed? Yes or no?
Where do the roads of the ever more united Europe now lead?
The timing of accession should not be vulnerable to unrelated concerns about future enlargement.
Unemployment in Central and Eastern Europe is at a lamentably high level, never before has the gulf between rich and poor been so wide, social tensions are increasing and corruption is rampant.
Similarly, the abolition of the three-year derogation for the application of the directive proposed by the Commission and the application of the directive both to tobacco products consumed in the EU and to products for export to countries in which the strict provisions of the directive do not apply will cause Greece tremendous problems.
The whole purpose of this directive is to promote sustainable use of water in the EU.
The genocide of the Armenians in 1915 must no longer be denied, no more than the Germans can acceptably deny the genocide of the Jews between 1938 and 1945.
8.
We should not be unnecessarily duplicating Community publications which already cover all the activities of the Union.
The reasoning that underlies the Eurovignette is beset by major contradictions and the discourse that supports it becomes weaker every day.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (GA) Mr President, I welcome Mr Cashman's report on the European Union Agency for Fundamental Rights.
There are plenty of reasons for more European involvement in the area of public health.
Finally, I would like to say a word about the amendments. I am prepared to approve all of them other than Amendment No 1.
Perhaps we could look at the Court of Auditors' criticisms particularly.
There is no doubt that EUR 90 million is too little to ensure proper functioning of the scheme.
The credibility of the WTO has been restored.
It is completely justified to speak up for the benefit gained.
As an entrepreneur myself, I have experienced this red tape at first hand for many years.
The vote will take place at the end of the debates.
I would like to respond to a few controversial points.
However, we are disappointed with the French decision to alter the original will of the European electorate by appointing new Members of the European Parliament from the National Assembly.
It is clear that, with this proposal, the European Parliament is strangling the life out of road transport as a result of the hysteria about the climate.
There are different ways of doing this in the Member States, and that is one reason why progress in this matter has been slow in the opinion of many Members of Parliament.
I should therefore like to thank Mr Verheugen for being here and for his political contribution. I wish him the very best for the coming year, particularly the six months we will spend together.
The report is balanced and fair in that it recognises the possible negative role initially played by EU legislation: this called for the closure of many small slaughterhouses in the first place and made animal transportation more necessary and prevalent.
The sector's significance is demonstrated by impressive figures. It provides 13 % of Union GDP and employs 22 thousand people (2.3 thousand more in 1992 than in 1982) in 4.5 million businesses, 95 % of which have less than 10 employees, distributed throughout the territory from the great cities to the most remote villages.
President of the Commission. - I believe we are not completely prepared for that, which is why the Commission recently put forward some proposals on fighting this kind of cyber attack.
In countries like these that means a continuing struggle for power, over who are the first-class citizens and who the second-class citizens.
We can be pleased about this, but it must be ensured that the Fund is accessible to all those who might benefit from it.
My second point is that I believe it is most important - and I have some information to the effect that the Arabs and Palestinians take the same view - for the European Union also to carry out some form of monitoring of the implementation of the Wye Plantation agreement.
Turning to the external aspect of the reform, the need for regulation means keeping control of sugar imports from the least developed countries.
An example of the problems raised is the case of the breast cancer gene already referred to.
We must therefore urge the upgrading of our existing buildings, since the proportion of new buildings being constructed is declining.
What is the Presidency's programme for equal opportunities and how will the Council ensure that anti-discrimination legislation is implemented effectively by Member States?
We have statistics from Europol showing that in 2008, EU Member States reported a total of 515 failed or successfully perpetrated terrorist attacks within Europe; 359 individuals were tried on terrorist charges in a total of 187 proceedings; 50% of these were related to al-Qaeda or Islamist terrorism, and 39% to separatist terrorism, such as ETA activities in Spain.
As you can see, this goes much further than the currently proposed European regulation.
You are responsible because you did not allow a procedure for channelling any financial aid to a government called National Unity to work.
This is why the view, discussed in the report, that we should create a European culture through majority decision making in the Council of Ministers came as such a surprise and shock to me.
He failed to give me an answer to this.
We also regard as positive the adoption of our call to the Commission and the Member States to take the necessary measures to prevent speculative activity, capturing of the market in food products and the formation of cartels by food companies.
It also lays down a series of essential elements that must be specifically included in contracts.
Shopkeepers should also be praised.
- Madam President, as in the case of most of the other economic partnership agreements, there was a great deal of concern over the EU's approach to opening up markets asymmetrically.
I do not see, therefore, how submitting more proposals will mean that we move forward.
It is technically very complicated.
The Commission has also adopted a communication that initiates a public consultation on possible targeted measures at a Union level relating to adjustments in minimum wages and the inclusion of persons excluded from the labour market.
I hope, however, that we will go beyond just words and that we will continue to take concrete decisions on the strengthening of the administrative function of Directorate General XXIII and that this will translate into both human resources and financial resources.
Mr Lambsdorff, I wish to say to you that for me and for the German Government neither the Summit nor the positive comments are cause for complacency.
Let it be clear: without a number of essential changes, we will be unable to vote in favour of the present report.
Let me now turn to the ‘ clause’.
We still have the chance, at the mid-term review stage, to alter our policies and focus on combating the negative effects of the crisis, making it our number one priority.
After all, it was only following EU law in complying with a judgment from the highest court in the Union.
   Mr President, as we debate, yet again, this issue of the regulation of Lloyd's of London, 63 names are currently facing bankruptcy proceedings against them in the English courts.
A general strike has been called by the trade unions for 7 May, in a bid to raise minimum wages, and according to UN data, one million Lebanese out of a population of four million are living below the poverty line on less than two dollars a day.
I repeat that nuclear safety is a crucial element of the pre-accession strategy.
In one decade in Finland we brought about a dramatic fall in the lead content in the atmosphere by reducing the tax on unleaded petrol, i.e. through a policy of taxation.
I find that sentence very amusing!
Hopefully the Austrian Presidency will now find a solution to this difficult problem.
I also think we should perhaps consider setting up an interinstitutional or EU body in charge of coordinating the cooperation work.
I cannot overemphasize how important the revision of the directives is from the point of view of countries which have for years been applying scientifically more advanced methods.
Thirdly, the list of my interventions, and those of President Barroso, with seven presidencies is a very long list; it takes practically two pages, the list of all the meetings and letters.
This solidarity instrument has been used in the past - specifically in my country, with the support sent to Madeira following the heavy rains there in February 2010 - and now it makes every sense to mobilise it in an attempt to mitigate the effects that natural disasters always have on the populations of the countries they affect.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am pleased to welcome to this House the new Commissioner, Mrs Androulla Vassiliou.
They are the sufferers of the inherited disease PKU, who are unable to metabolise the amino acid phenylaline.
That is the situation.
We are discussing a report that has been drawn up by Mrs Hulthén, a Swedish MEP, about how to combat climate change.
Our support for the total exclusion of nuclear projects is absolutely solid, and this is why we were unable to accept the de Roo report at the end of the day.
Article 290(1) of the Treaty states that a legislative act may delegate to the Commission the power to adopt non-legislative acts of general application to supplement or amend certain non-essential elements of the legislative act.
There are many regions with significant agricultural potential which has remained untapped due to social or economic imbalances, against the background of an increasingly ageing rural population or of industrialisation.
There is nothing to prevent the Armenian troops from at least leaving those provinces of Azerbaijan which do not form part of Nagorno-Karabakh.
Plainly that will require an additional allocation from the guarantee budget line.
Moreover research on reducing the radioactivity of waste must continue and resources for such research must be increased.
I voted in favour of this report as it contributes to the idea of a Single Market that is friendlier and more attractive to the European public.
I have had the opportunity to say on certain occasions, in relation to the decisions taken in view of 11 September, that the European Union has been able to respond to the circumstances when required to do so in terms of the progress made in the fight against terrorism.
Health protection should be regarded as being paramount with any agricultural measure.
There remains a window of opportunity for us to use.
I have no doubt that very simple measures are called for, such as reliable registers, something that does not exist right now.
But in Europe, devices have been authorised which, when used with a hearing aid, convert it into a jammer.
I am particularly pleased with the progress in the work of mediation and response to the citizens' demands and I am particularly pleased and interested to note the friendly solutions proposed.
Even my country, in which almost 90% of the electricity production comes from nuclear power or from sustainable energy sources, and which traditionally produces a surplus, is now encountering these problems.
The Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats says 'yes' to improved cooperation by the authorities against VAT fraud, although we of course emphasise that we are not only opposed to VAT fraud but also every form of fraud.
This represents progress in the fight against impunity for war criminals throughout the world.
That does nothing to change the result, but the amendments relating to comitology have a minus against them in all the voting lists, in that we all agree on them; they should not be allowed to lapse, but should be voted on.
I must also tell you that the Frontex agreements, in this case with Turkey, are directly managed by Frontex.
   Mr President, allow me to return for a moment to a deplorable incident that took place yesterday regarding the anti-abortion exhibition organised by our Polish fellow Members from the Independence and Democracy Group.
Indeed, it seems to me that in the past we perhaps too often gave the impression that politics was capable of such things. Perhaps we should no longer give this impression in future.
The G8 took an early lead on the debt of the poorest countries - the HIPC initiative - and we should now seek to go further.
However, Mr Barroso, there is one thing I should like to ask you about - and you mention it in the paper you presented to us - namely the European Union's own financial resources.
What was it I said that was untrue, and what is the rule that enables the President of this Parliament to censor Members' speeches?
Could I also say to colleagues that this is part of the compromise package we discussed.
In full respect of subsidiarity, it is for the Member States to decide the actual conditionality of social housing.
In view of this, the European Union must be firm and adopt a stronger position on relations with Belarus, and must take effective action which will guarantee that the rights of minorities will be respected.
The resolution that they have put forward for the vote at the next plenary session of Parliament is indicative of their true objectives.
It would be wise and appropriate to respect the clear will of the majority of the population.
Finally, we trust that the Charter of Fundamental Rights will be incorporated in the Treaties in a legally binding manner and we look forward in future to wide and active participation in the discussion on the future of the Union.
Furthermore, the European Parliament intends to intensify efforts in research and development in the use and application of renewable energy sources; to improve the working conditions of seafarers (the Maritime Erasmus programme); and, lastly, to ensure better links between peripheral maritime regions.
No one who has met him could forget his smile and gentle nature.
President Santer, you are aware of my concern about this because of course on Monday of this week I sent you a fax asking you how as a Parliamentarian I could obtain the opinion of the new committee.

To conclude, I would like to congratulate my colleague, Mr David Casa, for his support for Slovakia's accession to the eurozone.
   Mr President, the co-rapporteur, Mr De Rossa, talked about the need for a ‘decent society’.
The wretched economic and social situation has exacerbated the political, cultural and national conflicts that characterise the area.
At this point, I want to call on the Presidency once again to accept this idea.
There is a serious problem in the regions, where information is either limited or totally lacking.
Clearly the vast majority of European Union citizens do not approve of the idea that their money is being used to subsidise a trade which causes untold suffering to animals, regardless of how high standards are or how good the conditions are.
Indeed, I can only support Mrs Malmström's very clear point that it is up to the Commission to monitor the situation and ultimately to propose sanctions and to punish breaches of European Union regulations and of fundamental rights, a fortiori.
For this reason, it is essential to supply products and services that will actually be bought.
Are there things to be dispensed with?
I and many of my colleagues were caught in this dilemma.
This in itself makes possible savings of 10 billion Ft for Hungarian small and medium-sized enterprises.
In my view for this reason Europe needs a new disaster insurance scheme which, based on the principle of mandatory liability insurance, would provide additional funds in the region of EUR 4 to 5 billion per annum from payments by potential polluters in order to extend swift financial aid in the event of industrial disasters.
Madam President, in a few days' time, the Culture Council will decide whether to create a guarantee fund to promote audiovisual production.
We would therefore urge you to be firmer in this regard.
This analysis, now shared by all the relevant bodies, has led the European Central Bank to assume with a great sense of responsibility its task of managing monetary policy.
Reducing poverty is one of the key targets of the Europe 2020 strategy, and there has been the desire to make these a reality through quantitative aims that are binding on the Member States. There is good reason for this too, since the results of efforts to reduce poverty over the last decade have been virtually non-existent.
We are particularly grateful to you for the fact that we are not dealing here with a list of scandals putting Europe in a bad light, as some would like to have it, but with constructive criticism which can point the way for the future, as you were just saying.
In that year the EU decided not to ratify the partnership and cooperation agreement with Belarus, in view of the abrogation of democracy in 1996.
As we all know, the Cambodian monarch has abdicated in protest at the general political situation and members of the Sam Rainsy party and the opposition have been threatened with death and with being expelled from Parliament.
I fear that attempts at such a definition will merely cause more confusion, less efficiency and more scope for ambiguous judgments from the European Court of Justice.
Shellfish farming, fishing, oyster farming and fish farming are today seriously affected, for the effects of the oil slick have been compounded by the storm damage affecting many areas.
Mr Adam referred to research into BSE.
Firstly, on languages, it is indeed important that the IAS endorsed by the European Union are made available in all official languages - at the moment 11, but pretty soon 19 - and then become part of Community law.
We have heard from my colleague, Mrs Gill, how important small businesses are to the economy and how they are bearing the brunt of the difficulties at the moment.
Please allow me, finally, to give warm thanks for the very complimentary comments which, through this motion for a resolution, the European Parliament has made to the Presidency and the Portuguese Republic.
The States which for any reason want to set lesser objectives, will have to justify it and there are a series of criteria on which that justification will have to be based.
We have to steer a course between these two dangers.
It is important that we understand each other and work together, for our common European future is at stake.
For that reason, I welcome the Lööw report.
A year and several months after the Treaty of Lisbon's entry into force, everyone is being sidelined for an amendment to be drawn up using a mechanism of the Treaty itself which not only allows an amendment to be made without any democratic participation whatsoever - continuing, in fact, with their rejection of the national referenda to approve the Treaty - but also creates a mechanism enabling permanent control of the Member States' economies.
Within the context of the political economy, this is an issue of more than minor importance surrounding the discussion of the Pact which has taken place over the course of this year.
Mrs Panayotopoulos's report adopts a balanced approach.
We are now requesting a full report on the activities of this unit so that we may have a better idea of how useful it is.
The imminent adoption, I hope, in two days' time of this directive is a victory for the European Parliament, and a victory for the social partners, and I should like to take this opportunity to respond to the members of the Confederal Group of the European United Left/Nordic Green Left, who tabled a number of amendments.
The European Parliament and the social players should have extensive consultative powers on the subject of economic and monetary union, whereas at the moment they are excluded from that process.
There are, at present, four BSE tests, three of them of the very highest reliability and the fourth one quite reliable.
As you all know, the period of validity of the previous Tacis regulation expired at the end of 1995.
My group will certainly be doing so, and will also be supporting Mrs Jöns's proposals.
Secondly, efforts which companies have already made to limit their emissions should be taken into consideration.
The dumping and the subsidisation were investigated on the basis of complaints by the company concerned and, according to the basic regulations, complainants can withdraw their complaints.
That is why I believe we are on the right track, including with Galileo.
A European campaign might make it possible, as was the case with paedophilia and incest, to free victims, to make them understand that they can speak out and be listened to, and perhaps even be really heard.
Savings would then apply most drastically to activities that maintain Parliament's pluralistic and diverse nature, and that is why this is the wrong way to provide finance.
I am ready to give very careful consideration to any proposals.
In other words, although the new legislation provides people with new guarantees, Member States remain responsible for creating regulations specific to national particularities, as well as for ensuring the operation of the authorities that guarantee the enforcement of these regulations.
People are being driven from their homes, brutally, in what Jean Ziegler described as a ‘dreadful tragedy’, but it is pretty easy to say that troops should be sent, as provided for in the UN resolution.
This practice carries serious risks for road safety.
We note, Mr President, that these words have not yet come.
Very serious economists are publishing cautions against the risk of disorganization between countries, and increasing unemployment, as a result of the euro.
I should like to state in this House that I believe that the ratification of the London agreement – something that my country has not yet officially endorsed, although I advise it to do so – would be an opportunity for us all to overcome our linguistic arrogance and the hostility that it creates and to learn to live together, in the knowledge that one language dominates the others worldwide.
The Conservative Party will stand by those principles, unlike the Labour Party, which...
For the last time as rapporteur for the financial perspective, I can say that at last we have the promised Commission communication on one of the key issues affecting the European Union in the years ahead.
We stress again that any upgrading of political relations between the EU and Israel must be strongly conditioned on respect for international humanitarian law, on real commitment to a comprehensive peace settlement, on an end to the humanitarian crisis in Gaza and the Occupied Palestinian Territory and on respect for full implementation of the EC-PLO Interim Association Agreement.
The difficulty we face in the discussions about the first reading of the 1998 budget in the next few weeks is that the Luxembourg summit takes place between the first reading of the budget and the second reading of the budget.
(PL) Madam President, Commissioner, I should like to begin by highlighting the importance of a strategic partnership between the European Union and Russia, and by stating my affection for the people of the Russian Federation, and indeed for all the nations of Russia.
We have seen this happening in popular uprisings in Tunisia, Egypt, Iran, Algeria, Bahrain and also in Yemen.
The Commission works as a college.
It is surely a matter of very great regret that this determination to tackle BSE has taken so long to emerge.
It is our opinion - and mine - that quotas have never yet created programmes.
This paragraph highlights the interaction of European languages with other continents, with countries throughout the world, and the fact that it is vital for the European Union to know how to specifically promote these languages and the cultural interaction generated and conveyed by these languages in their extra-European dimensions.
Mr Mitchell, it is not the Bureau, it is a matter for the Conference of Presidents, but no doubt the Swoboda reforms will make proposals on how to deal with this.
I was knocking on doors - a particularly British way of campaigning - and, unsurprisingly, not a single person whose doorstep I was on had the slightest clue that there was to be a European election in less than six weeks' time.
In analysing the European response, there is one fact which stands out.
It is quite interesting when you look at the figures, which show that 70% of the workforce that will be employed in the year 2010 is already at work, but only 20% of the technology which will be used in that year is available at the present time.
They should not therefore be debated separately.
At the end of the day, it is the disadvantaged regions that need agriculture to help bring people employment and prosperity.
In these matters, however, the method of consulting the social partners has to be followed, as laid down in the Lisbon strategy.
This applies, in particular, to the recital which proposes a timetable for defining what might be the specific rules governing ‘organic’ winegrowing.
This would include vigorous action against terrorist organisations alongside the immediate halting of settlements and the bringing under control of settlers' incursions into land owned by Palestinian civilians.
Each individual situation needs to be treated on its own merits.
Unfortunately, I am unable to continue on this subject here, since the European Parliament's administrative service has decided to cut down every explanation of vote that exceeds 200 words.
When the Council considers this matter further, all these issues will be taken into account.
As regards the Goepel report, I wish, secondly, to say that we are in favour of compulsory modulation, accompanied by capping and by the fair redistribution of these funds, and in the new Member States too.
President of the Commission. - The deadline is the deadline for the consultation based on this document, but there will also be other opportunities to consult.
We find the restrictions proposed by the Council quite unacceptable, and, as previous speakers have said, that is the case under all the headings.
In the meantime, mass deportations - like the one that took place from Vienna from 11 EU Member States on 14 November - are being organised.
But of course the same applies to the Americans as to us: they must comply with the agreed GATT undertakings.
The European Court of Justice, not long ago, delivered a judgment stating that not only should that be allowed, but also that compensation should be paid to the patient according to the rules of his home country.
And finally, my fifth point, is that SMEs must be given easier and improved access to international markets.
As rapporteur responsible for the Czech Republic, I have no reason to react with exuberance, let alone euphoria.
In addition, regulatory convergence could promote fair competition.
Nonetheless, verification of the observance of this principle is not being carried out satisfactorily.
No financial institution should be able to operate without being subject to financial regulations; traders should see their remuneration systems calculated and organised so as not to encourage them to take unnecessary risks like those we have seen; the accounting rules within our banks should not exacerbate the seriousness of the crisis but, rather, enable us to ease it; and the monetary system should be rethought between fixed exchange rates and no exchange rates between currencies.
As British conservatives we share the concern expressed throughout this House that the high level of unemployment in the EU as a whole is indeed a major problem and that a significant decline has to be the aim.
Neighbours should be there for one another; that’s when good neighbours become good friends.’
Such traceability depends upon introducing systems for identifying GMOs, that is to say procedures guaranteeing the ability to know, at every link in the production and marketing chain, where they have come from and who has put them on the market.
This statement will also be published in the Official Journal, alongside the legislative proposal.
However, if you do not have a sufficient rail infrastructure, it is really a secondary consideration.
Some amendments refer to prohibition of the use of 'cells derived from cloned embryos' for 'transplantation' – so-called 'therapeutic cloning'.
The European Union's commitment to effective multilateralism is particularly important.
Two million jobs were created in 2006 and unemployment fell from 8.4% to 7.6%.
Under these circumstances, the Committee on Foreign Affairs was responsible for commenting on the basic texts, and the Committee on Industry, External Trade, Research and Energy was responsible for delivering an opinion.
Mexico has none!
I only wish that some of the countries in the Eurozone had acted in the same way.
   . I and my British Conservative colleagues support the highest standards of human rights in the world.
In reality, however, we are watching the creation of a perfectly deliberate system intended to hinder those Member States who would like to use their own powers of national safeguard in the case of a public-health crisis (as France did at the end of 1999, when, to the chagrin of the Commission, it continued to maintain its unilateral embargo on British beef), and in so doing to preserve as much as possible the sacrosanct free circulation of products.
Mr President, as Members of Parliament, we have a duty to promote and defend international law as the best means of defending human rights.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
The Ad Hoc Group was created to resolve this issue.
The strength of this Parliament's voice has grown as the Union has grown.
Spain is a good example of this.
I think that that should be an example of how we can look toward the multi-annual budget.
Moreover, subsidiarity is being guaranteed, and it is being stated that there does not need to be duplication of official arrangements or of legislation.
As you are aware, this programme was approved by the Commission on 18 November, just one month ago.
It will be a very long time before we can speak of a real approximation.
If we in the EU and in the Commission distribute a calendar as the perfect example of self-denial to 21 000 European schools for 3 million school children, which does not list any of the Christian holidays, but does show Islamic, Sikh, Hindu and Chinese festivals, then this is no longer a question of self-denial, but of self-hatred.
The Union and also Commissioner Frattini have placed the fight against terrorism at the top of their priorities.
As Mrs Randzio-Plath says, it would amount to a mixing of executive and legislative powers, and for that reason the Commission cannot see its way to agreeing with the chairperson of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs.
We would ask the Presidency - since there is not enough time to table an urgent resolution - to call on the Malabo authorities to carry out an investigation and we ask that our institution takes the necessary measures to ensure that nothing similar happens again because various other prisoners are in the same situation as this Bubi leader was.
The EAS is a direct product of the Treaty of Lisbon, a treaty I do not approve of and one which has no democratic legitimacy.
Written statement (Rule 142)
Mr Daul, you said that the sugar regime was a special agreement.
In the second half of 2005, I intend to present a communication on establishing a coherent European framework of integration policies.
The EU's approach to the Middle East must be based on several strong principles.
I am convinced that it will only be possible to correctly apply the technical rules governing fishing if fishermen are willing to comply.
We want to use the observatory as a think-tank, to try to make sure that we bring forward the appropriate proposals.
A productive single market of the 21st century will be our children's inheritance, their jobs and prosperity.
Reality is no mere passing detail.
But that also means that as you said, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, sovereignty must give way to the principle of respect for human rights.
We must now ensure that the government resists, that there are no troops and that no one is provoked into going into Iraq with military forces.
Two years ago, aid from the EU Member States to industry that produced and used hard coal, that is to say, anthracite, was as much as EUR 2.9 billion.
in writing. - The debate on the organisation of working time is complex.
Biocidal products
Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the Commission's proposal is an attack on lovers of chocolate.
Two grants were awarded from the European Regional Development Fund for Benbecula Airport under the Highlands and Islands National Programme of Community Interest during the period from 1988 to 1991.
We talk about dealing with this issue of climate change.
Finland urges all Member States to focus attention henceforth on the European Youth Pact and on the various ways of improving youth employment.
Does it not believe that the objectives of the proposed action would be difficult to achieve if the British position were to prevail?
The presentation of the contents of the plan to the public has not always been equally balanced.'
In any case, as has just been said, these shadows reinforce the need for the Community method and majority decisions; I refer also to the security and defence policy, in which progress has been made, and to foreign policy, which is still poorly defined.
I believe, however, that calculations ought to be made on the basis not of alleged terrorists arrested but on actual terrorists found guilty.
A few months on from the European elections, where we all regretted the low turnout, indeed the rise in abstentions, the importance that Parliament attaches to this report is therefore crucial.
Thank you, Commissioner.
Ordinary citizens must be guaranteed access to the social, educational, health and transport infrastructure.
From now on, the facilitation of the operation of SMEs should be a priority in all documents and all subjects.
Parliament will be involved in this discussion and we must secure our rightful place in it.
An aspect which will also certainly be emphasised strongly at the summit is the huge, currently unused potential of Africa in the field of renewable energy, including hydro, solar, wind, geothermal and biomass energy.
We need to have consistency from check-in through to check-out.
We have, however, made clear references to, for example, the Rio declaration and the precautionary principle, as Parliament wished.
We are all agreed that the airline industry is having a bumpy ride, and we must find a solution in Europe on the basis of a policy of "Europe first" as long as the Americans are putting "America first" .
It is essential that these groups are able to obtain the limited resources they require to be effective.
Just on some of the promotion.
It would be a strongly enhanced partnership in return for reforms.
This is the message behind the proposal we have heard today.
This policy is a result either of ignorance made worse by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, or of plain stupidity, or it is also the result of excessive cynicism leading to economic sabotage.
We all saw what happened at the petrol stations when the price of oil was going up; every day you went past a petrol station the price went up.
The organization of the market clearly does not do this.
Let us stop stigmatising this discourse on discrimination by classifying minority groups and populations as 'good', in particular immigrants, and making Europeans feel guilty as if they were constantly practising discrimination.
It is examples like this which make me think that Europe is often actually harmful to the interests, survival and identity of the nations of the Union. That is why I have become a eurosceptic and why I cannot endorse this report, uncontroversial though it may be.
Those are qualities which you have shown.
. (NL) It is not for nothing that so many different interest groups have circulated their voting recommendations on the amendments on copyright.
Europe is the biggest provider of development assistance and the biggest trading partner in many Asian countries, and it is certainly the biggest provider of external financial investment in most Asian countries.
Fourthly, no provision is made for harmonised sanctions, with the consequence that the Member States can still impose different penalties for the same offence.
I hope that the Member States, above all Italy, transpose the legislation very quickly.
For the purposes of quality control and impact assessment, we have set up the Impact Assessment Board, which operates independently of the relevant Commission services and is already making a very positive contribution.
Mr President, it is true that we would at times like the Commission to show the same sense of responsibility and effectiveness as the European Parliament.
We are also taking firm action with a view to drawing up a code of conduct for interest groups and lobbyists, as well as for Members of the European Parliament.
But I can assure you that the proposals you make, particularly as regards how the decision on 'EUROPASS Training' ties in with the programme on vocational training, have been taken into consideration.
(PT) Advocates of free trade believe that trade protection instruments such as anti-dumping measures should only be adopted in extraordinary, objectively verified, circumstances.
By 2005, 11% of US retail sales will be online, only 6+% in western Europe.
Relations between the European Union and Mercosur have deep historical roots and shared cultural foundations.
Of crucial importance were the political decisions adopted at the March meeting of the European Council.
This is the European Parliament putting people first, and that is something that, as Socialists, we can strongly support.
The European year of creativity and innovation must be a year when promises are kept.
This support is essential for helping the unemployed and victims of relocations that occur in the context of globalisation.
Greater synergies must be established between the Convention on the Protection of Species and other instruments and processes relating to biological diversity; in particular, the resolutions of the fourteenth conference should help to bring about, by 2010, a marked deceleration of the worldwide loss of biological diversity, and to achieve the Millennium Development Goals.
   . Mr President, the Commission is well aware of the severity of the drought situation in Portugal.
Still, this is not enough.
The Council has produced little in the way of concrete commitment, but would you be in a position to convince them?
How does waste legislation relate to what we do with our cattle feed?
Now more than a hundred companies have been forced into bankruptcy.
I support the proposals put forward in the report.
In 2005 Russia, the US, France, Germany and Great Britain jointly accounted for 81% of the worldwide arms trade.
It made it clear that any citizen and any form of transport could be attacked. They are all liable to become soft targets.
I call on my own Irish Government to support this working time directive in line with the rapporteur' s suggestions.
We do not hide the fact in this report that there are other countries, such as Ukraine and Moldova, which make no secret of their aspirations to become members of the European Union.
I perceive that there is something of the "emperor' s new clothes" about the Codes of Conduct you have adopted for the new Commission. The question I am asking is what distinguishes them from the rules which applied to the old Commission.
There are obviously so many pressing problems that Spain and Great Britain have given up their decades-old blockade in the Council.
This will be the problem of the future for Kosovo.
In theory, we are all agreed on this principle.
What we have to prevent, therefore, is the mixing together of dioxin-containing substances or at least ensure that such substances do not enter the animal feed chain via another route in spite of sufficient controls.
(FI) Mr President, a challenging year lies ahead: there are the elections and economic crisis on top of everything.
Other countries have now done that.
That is the priority.
improvement of social status by supporting the access of women to new income and goods acquisition opportunities;
Mr President, I come now to the amendments that have been tabled.
Mr President, I would like to draw your attention to two areas.
If revenues are reduced, the first sectors to suffer will be sectors such as education, health or research.
We appreciate the manner in which he has done that.
We have therefore done as before and signed the proposal to reject the Council common position, which was adopted today.
This is why the Council has also warmly welcomed this decision.
I remain determined that we will do all we can to prevent another humanitarian tragedy.
To have an equal partnership, NATO and Russia must be on an equal footing on such relevant issues.
We still do not know that.
I am now coming to the heart of the agreements, because the truth should be heard.
Those who call for more inspectors should heed his remark that: 'the principal problem is not the number of inspectors but rather the active cooperation of the Iraqi side'.
One fact is that there has certainly been some progress on the energy policy front, at any rate as far as the last Council is concerned, but what we have to concern ourselves with now, Mr President-in-Office, is its implementation.
Faced with these pressures, with the anger of European workers and, above all, with the approach of the French referendum on the Constitution, you very strategically pulled out some tempting proposals, which were immediately received enthusiastically by all your friends in the club of two-faced hypocrites but which very quickly turned out to be nothing but smoke and mirrors.
Fraga Estévez (PPE), Chairman of the Committee on Fisheries.
In connection with the liberalisation of services and electricity and gas, the Socialist Group thinks that apart from its inherent worth it brings up a key issue: the power relations in society and the economy.
These have strengthened the report to the best interests of the industry and those involved in it.
Protection of the natural environment because before the month is out the Government of Venezuela will be giving the go-ahead for large-scale mining and logging in the Amazonas Territory.
One is that if you reduce the amount of research put into the nuclear industry and transfer it to the sustainable energy field, then clearly you are going to add value both in terms of the effectiveness of the research programme and of the generation of employment.
When I toured Africa I was ashamed; throughout the rural areas of any country, people living in remote rural areas have nothing, they scarcely have a chance of survival.
The astonishing change was, at the time, rightly hailed as an ideological victory for democracy, along with the end of the Cold War, the rivalry between two superpowers and the life-giving upsurge of freedom among peoples who had suffered the tyranny of dogmatism.
The Council of Europe's Monday Clone Protocol expressly omits any reference to reproductive clones and is therefore further-reaching than the demand which has just been detailed.
Iran is heading in the same direction without even explaining anything.
The traditional exchange of information cannot possibly keep up.
As I said, Mr President, I will convey the content and spirit of this debate to Mr Mandelson.
This report provides good guidance for legislative proposals, and I congratulate the rapporteur on that.
These deaths are unacceptable given that we know that early detection can cure this cancer.
However, there are only a very few points where the draft Constitution needs changing and the ministers' meetings of 4 and 13 October showed that many of these points concern issues that the Constitution need not settle. It is more appropriate for them to be dealt with in secondary legislation or in the internal rules of the various institutions.
The debate is closed.
Political goodwill can still do its work, since, on reading the report by Mr Böge, I find that the essential points for improving the fund's operation are there: speeding up the handling of requests in order to be responsive in the face of the crisis, ceasing to present requests jointly, and using funding other than from the European Social Fund.
I will concentrate on that issue.
I believe that the time will come in the EU when consumer organisations will not be fighting for their survival.
The American and Turkish economies do not allow that.
It is true that gender forms part of the ILO's core labour standards because the non-discrimination principle and the principle of equal treatment are, after all, enshrined in it.
It is very important to say to the governments of applicant countries that they must also involve the opposition and the whole population in their plans, just as has been asked of them.
All that effort has paid off, as, with just a few exceptions, the Council has accepted all Parliament's amendments.
As you know, accounts which do not offer a true picture can be called anything but accounts.
They did nothing.
Every teacher must also be a lifelong learner.
That simply cannot be right and I am asking under Rule 108 – and yes, I do think that football may be important, but this is rather more important – that Mr Barroso come here this afternoon so he can explain to us the circumstances of Mr Barrot’s appointment and we can discuss why our scrutiny procedures failed so dismally.
Information passed on to me by organisations working in the sector indicates that in June 2005 the quantities recently agreed between the EU and China for this year have been far exceeded.
We expect that the question of the scope of the directive will be put on the table first.
This is not acceptable in a democracy.
Concerning the handbook on EGTC, INTERACT is working on the handbook.
Striking a balance between such freedom, the protection of privacy and the need for Internet security represents a real challenge for us all.
(PL) Mr President, the French Presidency did not have it easy.
We, in this Assembly, have conveyed that we wish to be consulted again once the directive has been redrafted.
I believe that Romanian legislation in this area can be held up as a model of good practice and as a benchmark whenever referring to minorities' rights and the use of their languages.
During a financial crisis, how does the European Commission want to handle the employment rights of people with disabilities, the task of preserving jobs for them and the principle of equal pay for equal work?
I wish to thank the rapporteur for his outstanding work towards this goal.
There are two parts to this: the directives based on Article 90, on the one hand, and the second part, which is being handled by Martin Bangemann, based on Article 100A, on the other.
That is why we need a common purpose.
The rapporteur also endorses this.
Anyway, thank you and we will undoubtedly speak about this again.
Madam President, I myself was one of the people affected by the blockade imposed against the provider Access for All , because my homepage containing information on Europe was no longer accessible to many German users of the Internet.
The Minutes of yesterday's sitting have been distributed.
I think we have an obligation to keep both men and boys better informed and educated if we want the differences between men and women to be respected.
In relation to Mr Papayannakis, I will say that the preparatory bodies who are examining his question met in January and in February and worked as laid down in the Treaty, that is, respecting human rights and fundamental freedoms.
Then we will have to fight together and then the Commission will have to make sure that the freedom of movement of individuals applies to everybody and that we avoid the tendency to restrict it to Union citizens, because that would build up entirely new walls within the European Union, not only but also in people's minds!
Accident research shows that the risk of serious injury is seven times higher for children who do not use a restraint system than for children who do use such a system.
It will also be essential to consider how reforms to the common agricultural policy and common fisheries policy and the future cohesion policy can help deliver the necessary support for this strategy.
EU legislation on this issue could not be clearer.
It would convincingly dispel the doubts with which I am often confronted during by trips abroad in my discussions with the friends and observers of Slovakia who ask: "What changes can be again expected in the foreign policy orientation of Slovakia after the next elections?"
in writing. (SV) The June List believes that increased democratic, legal and budget-related control over Europol is desirable.
When we talk about a moratorium on the death penalty - which we have done in recent weeks, and will do again in future - we do so not only in order to save potential victims in Iran from such a death, but also in the expectation that the Americans will agree to one.
The death penalty must be abolished.
I myself have experienced the problems of visas and visa restrictions in the Balkans and I still come across them today, although things have eased up a little.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, 2011 will be an important year for Serbia, which will bring both challenges and opportunities.
Firstly, I would like to say how much I welcome the Commission’s proposal for the abolition of vehicle registration tax.
My concept of ‘better regulation’, though, is a rather different one; it is that it is with regulations such as these that we must make a start.
What progress has the President made with this request?
Or should we, the Commission, the Council and this House, make an effort to establish a programme which will allow us to rapidly instigate a strategic relationship with this country?
Europe must use the many channels available in order to stabilise this country, and the entire region as well, especially at election time.
In the light of their past, do they really want Somalia to be reunited?
I cannot endorse the Lindeperg report, because I do not think that asylum policy should be a matter for the EU.
The European Court of Human Rights is the competent court for such cases.
Finally, as a last request, I repeat my wish that we pursue the debate on the package of six legislative proposals on economic governance in the most constructive spirit possible.
Every year EUR 2 billion is spent on treating people with tuberculosis in the European Union.
(PL) Madam President, the role of gas is an important one, firstly in the diversification of gas supplies, secondly in countering climate change, and thirdly in improving the state of the environment, in other words protecting it.
By way of conclusion, Commissioner, I should like to add that a huge number of the workers are pinning their hope on the Commission in the next few weeks and months.
Madam President, yet another EU-Russia Summit is taking place this week.
This is linked to the complexity of these rules.
Let us take a recent example.
I am answering on behalf of the Council and not on behalf of the French Government.
Greater mobility of students, researchers and lecturers will contribute to this.
in writing. - (CS) Although the motion for a European Parliament resolution quotes a number of documents, the fundamental information is missing.
Mr President-in-Office of the Council, we expect a lot from the next six months and fully agree with the political priorities set and your commitment, which you have repeated this morning, to the European Constitution.
What I am quite rightly afraid of at present, while the Member States start to reduce their deficits, is where the cuts are to be made.
Madam President, I support this proposal and justify it on the basis of the fact that quite a lot has been said about Iran recently.
That is clearly ridiculous.
The current deadlock over the European budget cannot be understood without analysing its context, which is one of social tragedy and austerity policies that are being imposed on our countries.
A third important point concerns the external aspects of the CFP and the partnership agreements with third countries.
What is at issue is no more and no less than the use of increasingly scarce global resources.
   – Mr President, last week the Austrian Presidency announced that the period of reflection on the European Constitution was closed and that it intended to present a new proposal at the June summit.
Having announced great reforms, you are making your agreement to the Financial Perspective conditional upon agricultural reform, and are now, by cutting funding for regional development, wrecking the only successful reform that we have seen.
Three amendments thereby became redundant, mainly for technical reasons, and two others were withdrawn by the rapporteur on practical grounds.
The text being submitted to the European Parliament is the result of a collective effort, which involved all the stakeholders across Europe.
The force must therefore also be large enough to achieve a genuine improvement in the security situation.
We have no knowledge of these shady financial flows, which means that they can continue to use top-class sport for money laundering, on the one hand, and bribery on the other.
This time the European Parliament' s participation has been reinforced through your President and two other representatives and also through full dialogue between the Council presidency and your Committee on Constitutional Affairs. This reinforcement also stems from the direct information of this House and its debate in plenary, which have no precedents.
In truth, it is vital that the senior officials present should be technically competent in the subjects dealt with - whether this be taxation -as you pointed out - budgetary matters or economic forecasting.
Others, however, are negative and deeply worrying, such as the numerous examples that we have had cause to regret in connection with the worsening situation of women.
In summary, the procedure which it has opted for in order to achieve this basic objective is as follows: the Member States implement the most recent provisions of international conventions, except for those expressly referred to and incorporated in a Community act, which are dealt with directly by the European Commission, which either refers them for exclusion to the Committee on Safe Seas or does not refer them, in which case they apply automatically.
Action is needed as well to improve infrastructure and training, and to disseminate information on safe driving.
I know it is just a small part of the overall situation, but it will make such a positive difference to so many lives.
The objective is that these priorities should contribute to the better use, to the optimum and efficient use, as some of you have wished, of Community involvement, including, Mr Bradbourn, using, if necessary, the performance reserve which is specifically intended to encourage the optimum and efficient use of European public monies.
When, roughly, will the volume of rubbish start decreasing and a different sort of policy - a recycling and recovery policy - be introduced?
The matter was put before Parliament's Bureau, as you requested in your letter.
A number of obstacles are still preventing the single market from operating to its full potential.
We should mention, first, the abolition of controls at the internal borders of the new Member States, a measure of great significance and great importance for the daily lives of our citizens.
Both secularism and democracy need to be defended in this context.
What is happening in North Africa is proof of 'Fortress Europe'.
In the Brussels-Capital region, which I know well, there are no fewer than 2 333 hectares, or 14% of the regional territory, with the famous Sonian Forest and the Woluwe Valley, among others, that are part of these protected sites.
We have resisted the temptation to become price regulators and to link specific competition arrangements for distribution to the size of the price differentials.
We must be able to trust the Croatian politicians who will be responsible for spending that money.
Subject: Spanish Presidency and the subhuman situation of women in Afghanistan What action is to be taken by the Spanish Presidency in order to improve the subhuman situation of women in Afghanistan?
These organizations have been making valuable contributions to their cities for a long time now, both in terms of environmental protection and protection of green spaces, as well as in social terms.
Mr President, I would like to add my voice to Mrs García Arias'. I am sure that not only will the Spanish Socialists regret Mrs Díez de Rivera's departure, but that she will be sorely missed by all Members of this House, whatever their nationality.
Instead, we would like the amendments unanimously adopted by the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development requesting a two-year extension taken into account.
So near, Mr President, but so far, and again initiatives relating to the economies of Member States must be clearly understandable to ordinary people.
The Commission is not to decide on the projects to be retained, but is to ratify the list drawn up by the private consultants, which, in my view, is unacceptable.
This debate has also strengthened still further my conviction that the area of criminal law should remain a purely national concern for the Member States.
We would therefore call upon the Commission, by means of the European Gender Equality Institute, to find a rapid solution to this issue.
The work we have done over the last two years has produced good results.
Our relations with other major economic actors show that we can do all these things only together and not in opposition to one another.
We should ask the Court of Auditors to assess the performance of financial control systems in the applicant countries; improve the Court of Auditors' cooperation with the national audit institutions - which is a requirement of the Treaty of Nice - and establish more detailed specific DAS assessments - again, a requirement of the Treaty of Nice.
in writing. - I voted for this report, despite the view expressed in one of the recitals that sees all problems in Iraq as being down to the previous regime.
I believe that one of the most important elements of the agreement we have on the table, as Mrs Corbey underlined, is the substitution of the most dangerous substances with safer alternatives when these are available.
   . The motion for a resolution on which we have just voted highlights the need for new management measures to be taken for the Mediterranean.
This is a fundamental point and we cannot ignore it.
Ladies and gentlemen, as has already been pointed out, the preparation of the budget by the other institutions for 2003 has demonstrated the great pressure which the administrative needs relating essentially to the costs of preparation for enlargement exerts on the maximum limit of heading 100.
The addition of Polish as the sixth language, at the initial phase, is something that will be determined by the budget, if of course it is feasible.
The establishment of universally recognised common minimum standards intended to oppose any action to restrict competition would already represent significant progress.
The current procedure for drawing up EU assistance plans and operational programmes and for implementing these programmes does not make nearly full use of the possibilities for simplification provided for in the regulation.
I believe that we should stick to the fact that the decisive motive force for the structural policies and support in this field is finally the prosperity of these regions, and thank God the Alpine lands are not necessarily the poorest in this Union.
I look to the Agriculture Committee to support the Finnish smallholders as energetically as it is now supporting the Irish sheep rearers.
We are conscious that it was a difficult Presidency because of the crisis and also because of the energy problems.
When that happened - despite continuation of the ratification process for that Treaty in many countries - it was recognised that the Constitutional Treaty was nevertheless defunct.
We nonetheless consider that the agenda for the Intergovernmental Conference should be limited to questions which have to be resolved if it is to be possible for enlargement to take place.
In this respect, we are discriminated against, as we are not permitted to take part in coordinators' meetings in various committees and be duly active.
Secondly, we expected a realistic picture of agricultural policy.
If I may, I should like to make one further comment on the basis of my own experience of public life in Poland.
At the same time, I am very much encouraged by what happened on 6 June in the Council and I believe that a good basis for compromise has been found.
What we need, and what the population of Zimbabwe are waiting for, is practical aid.
In September 2002 in the Canary Islands, and so within the EU area, whale deaths occurred on a scale hardly seen for 20 years, when 15 whales of different species died from haematomas.
The inevitable conclusion is that the illegals are simply the logical consequence of the 'fortress EU' policy, and that is why I entertain no high hopes of major changes on this point from within Parliament, the Commission or the Council in the immediate future.
Almost a thousand immigrants are currently reaching the Canary Islands every day.
The transatlantic partnership should concentrate on maximising the potential benefits of our economic relationship, with the reinforcement of the Transatlantic Economic Council.
There is a need to change and reform the EU's system of own resources.
But could the Council imagine providing support and thinking that it is reasonable for funding to at least be divided fifty-fifty between these two different political points of view?
Thirdly, there needs to be an end to the self-satisfaction and condescension of a small elite explaining to citizens that the only valid choice is its own.
Developments in the ongoing debt crisis and the EU response (debate)
Mr President, if the waiver on titles 3 and 4 of the Helms-Burton Act goes through - which is unlikely in view of the statements of Senator Jesse Helms - would not efforts to deter future public support for investments in so-called expropriated properties be contrary to agreements made by individual European Union Member States and Cuba?
Codecision becomes the rule.
I am convinced that such observance also creates future prospects for Iran, and specifically for the youth of the country.
So today, we want to fulfil this task and, with our recommendations on the WTO's Built-In Agenda, make our position clear to the citizens of Europe early on.
From the Irish experience I can say that low interest rates and low inflation will help to promote investment, thus in turn promoting the objective of all Member States and every Member in this House which is to maximize sustainable growth and employment.
I believe that the EUREKA initiative concerning a research and development programme for small and medium-sized enterprises is very much welcomed by the business community.
This is therefore the time to say that the Treaty of Lisbon has a whole programme to implement and that Parliament will be there to support it in tackling the challenge that we have before us.
Today President Medvedev is playing a full part in the G20 meeting in London.
That was not only due to the new role of Angela Merkel, who has ceased to be the Climate Chancellor.
And it is the first budget to be treated in accordance with the Berlin decisions on Agenda 2000 from March of this year.
This is undermined if exchange of information between authorities is restricted.
I believe that it must continue to carry out its task, and do so genuinely.
Despite the full integration of this new rule, the Committee on Constitutional Affairs has been charged with clarifying and consolidating the content of this provision so that it is more readily understandable, particularly in the context of the ordinary legislative procedure.
Mr Hatzidakis has said that it should be withdrawn and you have said that we should defer.
What can we do? We could, for example, strengthen the Special Rapporteur, support the High Commissioner for Human Rights and introduce universal reviews, but we could also condemn the most serious cases and denounce the most flagrant violations.
And I also hope that the PPE-DE will not play any games with this open method of co-ordination and will join us in voting in favour of Mr Fatuzzo's report.
Mr President, I had the honour of initiating both the police academy and the border police and the House adopted my report on them almost unanimously back in 1998, which is why I am delighted to see that things are now beginning to move four years later.
The G20, aided by its creator, the European Union, therefore has a very important programme in June in Toronto and, in the second half of the year, in South Korea.
It may be difficult, but Member States are still those who draw up the list of organizations.
I do not hear too many voices talking about child safety in China.
I have already started discussions with my main counterparts, and the forthcoming Davos meeting will be the first opportunity to further compare notes with trade ministers.
But for whose benefit?
It is difficult to assess in full the current number of refugees in Eastern Zaire.
Ladies and gentlemen, this proposal is outdated.
So we need to liberalise and open up the markets and of course everyone has differing ideas as to how this should be done.
(ES) We have seen a report concerned with water quality in Europe transformed into an instrument of commercial war.
Finally, apart from funding embryo stem cell research, there is another unwanted aspect to the proposal by the Committee on Industry, Research and Energy, and that is the review clause.
Some countries prefer to provide higher wages at the expense of health and safety provisions on the shop floor.
All countries in the European Union share the determination and objective of achieving a significant improvement in human rights in China.
Hopefully, the new legislation will simplify the current labelling rules.
We must also adapt the administrative rules to the specific constraints faced by SMEs.
That is essential, and we can only support her efforts.
No one disagrees, of course, that governance is of prime importance. It has been said that Africa is not poor; it is, unfortunately, badly governed.
With regard to point 5 (e), as I indicated in July, I share Parliament's view of the need to strengthen multiannual programming and strategic planning, together with the Council.
But the only legal base it has at the moment is a flimsy cat's cradle of communiqués, of press releases, of resolutions in Council.
In this case, just the European Commission and the Member States in whose waters the activity is being carried out need to be informed beforehand.
The debate is still continuing, and we would have liked to have had an answer from the Commissioner responsible.
The fourth point refers to sanctions.
I think that we really must promote this logic.
I am quoting animal welfare in this connection.
By way of conclusion, I should like to say a few words to the Commission.
Their idea was that soup is a common food amongst people and that soup transcends boundaries.
Desperate people are forced to turn to people traffickers, and we shall read more and more of the misfortunes befalling refugees, which in turn will feed hatred towards our part of the western world.
With the Treaty of Nice, signed by every Member State, ratified by every national parliament, we permitted decisions by qualified-majority voting.
   I would remind the honourable Members that with the new electronic system the red circle does not light up, so you do not need to make any effort or hit the microphone when beginning to speak.
Mr President, our party believes that preservation of fish stocks should be the responsibility of each Member State, whose fishermen would have sole access to its own country's waters.
We have no difficulty whatsoever with the recommendations of the report by Mr Barón Crespo.
However, the work that we are doing aside, it is our wish, at European level, that - through you, at the Commission, in particular - the Member States assume their share of the responsibility.
For my part, I think it is a terrible document.
draftsman of the opinion of the Committee on Regional Development. - Mr President, I should like to say 'well done' to the rapporteur: he has certainly shown a steady hand.
What we want to see is world leadership.
   Mr President, it is pretty clear that what we are involved in here is a one-sided exercise in selling this Constitution to the peoples of Europe.
I would also briefly like to mention Mrs Harkin’s European Foundation report, which unfortunately is not being debated in the House, but is being voted on tomorrow as well.
Finally, considerable aid must be given to charity associations whose support is vital, as they are devoted to alleviating the suffering of the least well-off and I would like to repeat the need to re-establish European credits in favour of the fight against poverty.
On the basis of this information, the Commission expects that transition in the European Union as a whole should be well underway by the beginning of 2010, and that the overwhelming majority of Member States should have switched off analogue terrestrial television signals by 2012.
So the European Council must send a clear message that this is a priority and that decisions need to be taken as early as June.
It is no secret, in fact, that Washington insists on the need for a further collective commitment for the adoption of national measures to stimulate demand and revive the economy, while at the Commission in Brussels, the prevailing belief is that all useful and necessary moves in this regard have already been made and that it is now time to wait and see the results of the anti-recession measures brought in by the Member State governments.
Of this obstacle course, I remember that the European Parliament rejected a Conciliation Committee joint text on 4 July 2001I also remember the extremely interesting Commission proposal of October 2002, drawn up after a group of high-level experts had been consulted.
This is a word which gives many of us problems.
Without this prospect, Lukashenko’s regime will pass but his place will be taken by someone else who will enforce Russia’s policy of rebuilding its sphere of influence in the region.
The situation as regards pre-accession assistance for Turkey is particularly serious and worrying.
(B5-0019/2001) by Mr Barón Crespo, Mr Westendorp y Cabeza, Mr Schulz, Mrs Erika Mann, Mr Rapkay, Mr Piecyk, Mr Duin, on behalf of the Group of the Party of European Socialists, on the situation in the Community of shipbuilding;
Moreover, the Irish scheme gives priority to the decommissioning of those vessels targeting sensitive white fish stocks, while giving vessel owners already facing reduced quotas, higher fuel costs etc. the opportunity to leave the sector.
We must, of course, respect the democratic process in the Czech Republic.
On other issues, of course, many pieces of legislation are already in place, such as the issue of discrimination and access to work.
These violations are not going on in remote and exotic places. They are going on next door to us, in the very same Europe we live in.
Finally, stating a wish is no use without the means to achieve it.
In any event, the more they telephone, the fewer votes you will get.
All EU Member States, not just Hungary, have made a formal commitment to respect them.
You know that in the negotiations on eastward enlargement and in the run-up to these, some states felt that they had done well, but there were also other Central and Eastern European countries which felt that they had come off badly.
Not having any debate at all would be doing ourselves a disservice.
What the non-existence of the European Union on the international stage demonstrates is quite simply its lack of political existence, which is inherent in its nature.
I merely wish to point out one thing: the position that the PPE seems to have adopted and the position that the Liberals seem to have adopted will both have to be abandoned.
Consequently, the provisions laid down in Directive 2003/37/EC relating to agricultural and forestry tractors, their trailers and interchangeable towed machinery, together with their systems, components and separate technical units, apply to this directive.
Mr President, I would just like to make the point to the presidency that it is surely not unjust of the Algerian authorities to respond to the fact that the troika which was sent comprised diplomats and not ministers, when it concerns such a delicate and politically sensitive matter.
We will support the Provan report.
This means that, within the railways sector, we have neither free movement nor a common market.
I appreciate that municipal elections are planned for April and I see no legitimate reason why national elections cannot be held at the same time.
The second lesson concerns the barbarity of fascism, and, as we have just heard, one of its symbols is Guernica: the symbol of murder, assassination, incarceration; the symbol too of an international Fascist project, since it is clear that Spanish Fascism would never have been able to triumph without the help of National Socialism.
Mr President, this is not the first time Mrs Jöns has brought as serious a matter as combating breast cancer into the limelight in a very specific and efficient manner and it is important and proves yet again that the commitment and systematic work of one person can set policies in motion.
It is not just a question of agreeing to the controls and the levels but also a timetable for implementation that makes us happy and satisfied in this Parliament.
   Mr President, I would like to raise an urgent matter concerning the operations of a Turkish-owned bank in the Netherlands known as Finansbank.
Europe's research programme is not, to be sure, the most extensive in the world, but it is one of the smartest, and the same can be said, in the nuclear research field, of the Joint Research Centre, on which I am reporting.
We know that there is a clear connection between long working hours and accidents at work.
It was a model for a constitution for a multi-racial society and a thriving island.
There are, in fact, two issues to our message to the United States. The first concerns the procedures used that resulted in Leonard Peltier's sentence, and the second concerns the prison authorities' refusal to let him receive the appropriate medical treatment.
Commissioner, the half-heartedness of the Commission alarms me and I would say that, perhaps, one suggestion should be taken on board: avoid the capitalist trap, be offensive and, if you will allow the expression, "be liberal" .
In the White Paper, the Commission proposes that the user should pay all the internal and external costs that he or she incurs.
The Cancún conference has been dubbed a success and that is the right choice of word, considering that nothing had been expected to come of it.
Question No 60 by Fernando Pérez Royo (H-1069/98)
Already, when a building society call centre in Hertfordshire, in my constituency, shed jobs, within 24 hours we were able to call in European-funded response to redundancy aid, showing how Europe can give real help to our local communities.
On the other hand, I do not think that Europe should promote the award of citizenship.
I think that what is crucial this year is not to stage a cosy, round-table discussion, or some kind of chat show; what we need to do when we reflect is to see what procedure and what method we should be using.
.
Finally, in 1997, almost two years later, the first proposals arrived with the Agenda 2000.
   Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Mr Marques’s report once again bears witness to the attention that the European Parliament pays to the outermost regions.
The question of recruitment to public office in a Member State or to the police is exclusively a matter for that Member State.
I stand by this, also in my capacity as a CDU politician in Germany.
I believe that it is high time we put an unconditional end, I repeat, an unconditional end, to the use of leghold traps, which inflict terrible suffering on millions of captured animals indiscriminately.
The role of the Commission must be strengthened here.
An accident involving the transportation of chemicals by river can have extremely long-term and fatal consequences for the environment.
It is to achieve real rapprochement between the Union and Mediterranean countries through growth, cooperation and trade.
The delegation is chaired by Mr Erkin Vakhidov.
We must leave those people to build their democracy in their way and under their conditions.
The President-in-Office and the Commissioner use the formulation of FYROM - the former Yugoslavia Republic of Macedonia.
I would point out once again that you would have the last word.
I will base my remarks in particular on the Operational Programme of the Council for 2006, since that is the most recent background paper.
Denunciations of human rights violations are not merely sound bites in daily politics.
First of all, because the Treaties do not allow the countries that are threatened, such as France and Spain or Portugal, to protect themselves unilaterally and rapidly when circumstances require it, and equally because those countries have to admit defeat with countries for whom maritime safety is not a priority.
Mr President, I would otherwise like to associate myself with the many comments of my fellow Members about the precise technical and legal problems with this.
The mid-term review on the European Commission's 2001 Transport White Paper shows that we have a lot of catching up to do.
It is the Council that creates difficulties.
Here we require the Member States, now applying exorbitant excise duty of over 400 euro for 1 000 litres of diesel and 500 euro for 1 000 litres of unleaded petrol, not to increase these rates any further until 2015.
Ireland has consistently been one of the most successful users of EU subsidies.
Mobilisation of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund: Spain/Galicia Textiles (
We have drawn up provisions stating that all stocks containing POPs must be destroyed and treated as waste.
The whole of this policy benefits a mere half-dozen farmers and the result is plain to see: there is total desertification, at present 5 % of the population are farmers, in 2000 this figure will be around 2.5 % and we shall be distributing half the Community budget among 0.5 % of the richest producers, and the richest people, in the entire Community.
Mr Barroso has stated that he intends to continue at a fast pace with the same anti-grass roots policy.
This constitutes a threat of tremendous catastrophe, both to the water and the coast.
We now have a compromise text before us that has unfortunately diluted the original Commission text.
What we have had is more activity, more employment and more opportunities.
It was essential to take into account the current economic and budgetary difficulties in the vote on the Fernandes report on the estimates of Parliament's revenue and expenditure for 2012.
Their crime is not having had the money to catch a plane and present themselves at the airports.
If that is the case, and I hope that it is, I believe that it would be an excellent demonstration of cooperation amongst the three Institutions and the best way to define an anti-terrorist policy that is fully accepted by European society.
There are countries that do not have an energy market, such as Spain in the case of gas.
We also have expectations of the Commission in this regard, expectations which, after reading the work programme, do not seem to have been fulfilled.
The Commission is fully aware of the situation in that country.
   Madam President, I shall try to finish what I have to say before the roof collapses.
The principle that applicant countries be treated on an equal basis was set out at the Madrid European Council.
Moreover, after the first major landing from the M.V. Ararat, we are witnessing a daily and constant trickle of landings of small groups of Kurdish immigrants organized by the Albanian "scafisti' .
These useful acts include investing in clean energy and improving energy selfsufficiency.
But the one area that I want to focus on just now is the area of residents.
I believe that this cohesion was absolutely necessary and I consider, personally, that the new objectives which have been proposed to us are probably sustainable objectives which will go beyond the other re-focussing phases of these projects.
There has to be a suspected terrorist that can only be searched.
We have become painfully aware of the pitfalls of solving crises without the proper involvement of the affected regions in the decision-making process.
We should, however, have liked to have seen lower upper limits for nitrates and nitrites.
Could you, Commissioner, explain what is the basis for conducting bilateral discussions, given that it is currently unclear what shape the global framework for future negotiations will take, and therefore what the agreements will need to look like.
The debate is closed.
No member of the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs should forget that the US Secretary of Homeland Security came to Parliament and gave you some information and, in some cases, specific facts about terror suspects who were stopped thanks to PNR data.
In the context of limited resources, the Commission has to make difficult choices among priorities.
I would call on everyone here to work together to produce common principles so that the existing nuclear reactors really are safe, so that power failures are not allowed to happen and so that earthquake safety and other risks can be better estimated.
Frankly, I do not believe that confidence will improve by announcing a new plan every month or every week.
However, this is also an ongoing situation which the local asylum authorities cannot cope with.
We must not apply more stringent rules to animals than we do where people are concerned.
I believe this is the first step that we in Parliament have taken to get out of this situation, namely to make the conditions of animals at least more bearable.
The legislative framework is certainly complex, but the European Commission White Paper on pension systems already indicates which way the Union is heading.
I welcome this European Parliament resolution. It was greatly needed.
We must now take action in support of democracy in Belarus. This will call for a number of organisational measures.
We agreed on the need for an effective crisis management system at European level.
The question therefore is not to make more laws, but to ensure they are observed.
Their impact has been substantial and, in this context, I would like to pay particular tribute to our friend, Jaime Mayor Oreja, one of Parliament's most influential personalities.
The division of Yugoslavia is probably a historical fact that we shall have to accept, regardless of the mistakes that may have been made along the way.
This shows that Parliament makes as much of this crucial sector of the economy as I do.
I think that fixed book prices are exactly the right instrument in this case.
What has happened internally, however?
The Scottish Environmental Protection Agency has a specific remit and responsibility to regulate salmon farming – 63 pieces of legislation, 43 European directives, 3 European regulations, 12 Commission decisions – that help reassure consumers that the product they are consuming is of the highest quality.
The next item is the debate on the report (A5-0071/2001) by Mrs Kauppi, on behalf of the Committee on Economic and Monetary Affairs, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council regulation amending Council Regulation (EC) No 2223/96 on the reclassification of settlements under swaps arrangements and under forward rate agreements [COM(1999) 749 - C5-0018/2000 - 2000/0019(COD)].
It is important that both parents and children feel secure using the Internet and have a point of contact to report any wrongdoing.
That is why I think, Mr Poos, that your report is an extremely important element, which will spark off the wide-ranging debate about to open on the institutional framework of the EU, its effectiveness and its democratic legitimacy.
I think it is fair to underline the fact that all your speeches have touched on something which for us had been a major priority, the need to have a strategic relationship with Russia.
In truth, the intention is to rectify certain deficiencies in the framework regulation which the Member States indicated in 2003 on trying to apply the European Union rules in the field of aviation security to smaller airports, in which, due to their size and activities, there were aspects which did not make much sense.
I should like to draw attention to the conclusions, and I agree that the EU must enhance its practice of speaking with a single voice as this would increase its visibility and influence as a global player, and the delegations in Geneva and New York need to increase the coherence, visibility and credibility of EU action in the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHRC).
Will this choice be guaranteed in future, when we do not envisage any binding legislation on the subject of coexistence and instead leave it to Member States to adopt appropriate measures?
I believe in the EU we grossly miscalculated in over-indulging biofuels.
That apparently ensued from Amendments Nos 16 to 19 put forward by Mr Helmer.
The CFSP is a crucially important element in the EU's foreign policy.
For many years we have been in a stalemate over the legal funding for minority languages in Europe.
Mrs Wallström, I might add, will be meeting the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy very soon and will explain this to them.
Now, before the elections, the objective of European institutions should be to take joint action towards the achievement of concrete democratic changes in that country.
On climate, this road map and this way of talking: we will end up going round in circles.
It would appear that a fair number of consumers are also in favour, as are sales organisations.
In Poland, a case very recently came to light involving a mother who, together with her son, was forced to hide from the child's father as she feared that he, a German citizen, would take the boy away from her.
Mr President of the Court of Auditors, as you know, at the last discharge, this European Parliament called for national statements of conformity on the part of Finance Ministries.
As we have seen, this is an issue which we are all itching to get our hands on: safe and sustainable pensions, a truly hot potato which gets hotter rather than cooler the longer we leave it.
Mr President, first of all, I should like to congratulate Mrs De Sarnez on her report, which gives a sound and clear overview of the present situation in higher education, the existing programmes and the possible forms of cooperation with third countries in the field of higher education.
There are many Member States that have not even started to look at implementation.
The vote will take place on Wednesday at noon.
For example, they rejected the proposals on supporting initiatives in honour of the victims of fascism …
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, Somalia is a failed State, with all the dreadful things this entails.
The Commission must work more intensively to transform external aid - where progress has already been made.
My report focuses on two particular areas.
Surely the time is now right to recognise the potential for industrial heritage to play a major role in any future European tourism policy.
Such a solution would drastically reduce carbon emissions.
This was contrary to the opinions given by the European Scientific Committee on Food, an entirely independent body, and several national bodies, which confirmed the harmlessness of aspartame.
The key points include agriculture, transport, maritime highways, transnational corridors, renewable energy and the Solar Plan.
We also call on the sports industry to be vigilant in tackling this unfortunate state of affairs, which it is greatly responsible for and party to, and we call on it to adopt and respect, as quickly as possible, a genuine code of good ethical conduct, aimed at increasing human dignity.
The result was a document setting out in detail the conditions under which the Union is prepared to strengthen its links with Croatia, Bosnia-Herzegovina, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, the Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia and Albania.
I consider it essential that we set development aid priorities in the areas of infrastructure, health, education and particularly agriculture, and in particular I think that perhaps we should consider introducing an evaluation of projects after 10 years.
I therefore consider, Commissioner, as do the Committee on Economic Affairs and the Committee on Legal Affairs, that the electronic platform must be compulsory and quite rightly so.
The disparity introduced does not serve to make the legislative text clearer and certainly does not help passengers to understand their exact rights.
Neither the NERA study nor that carried out by the Economist Intelligence Unit proved that the international exhaustion of rights system has a significant long-term effect on prices for the consumer.
President of the Commission. - In fact the European Council made the decision to try to promote the highest possible standards, not only in Europe but with our partners.
Anti-EU campaigns in countries such as Ireland have clearly demonstrated the need for a positive communication strategy.
This is an important issue - it has already been mentioned twice this morning.
First, the report Mr Areitio Toledo is submitting to Parliament stresses that the Commission report is a useful document, which merits detailed analysis - analysis in which the duty of mutual loyalty between Parliament and the Commission must be clear.
That would set specific performance targets for service providers and provide for incentives and intervention mechanisms in the event of non-completion.
In the general approach alone there are already differences.
As the red-letter days of June 2004 draw near, it is therefore more essential than ever to strengthen the information and communication policy of the European Union by every available means.
The same applies to Europe - good order provides stability and growth.
Given the implacable divisions within the Council on this final issue of stricter national measures for certain Member States, a third reading in conciliation was inevitable.
The case of the Spanish government has been exemplary and decisive in ensuring that today the euro is coming into being with 11 members.
From now on, the citizens will enjoy the same power of political initiative as that enjoyed here by the Council of Ministers and the European Parliament.
(IT) No, Mr President, in my first speech, I spoke for two minutes and I had four minutes available ...
We support the proposal according to which the EU should develop its cooperation with regional organisations, including the Nordic Council.
Allow me firstly to say a few words about the administrative expenditure for 2003.
The majority of this amount, however, goes to nuclear energy and not to new sustainable technologies.
   . Mr President, in these three reports we have another proliferation of crackpot ideas from the European Parliament, but they do show where this place and the European Union intend to head.
I too observed the elections and saw the voters participate in an extremely important democratic process, which has, however, been upset by disturbing events.
We must condemn these counter-models of pleasure, who are all too often idolised by the young, whose points of reference some are seeking to destroy.
Furthermore, this proposal is of very dubious legal value.
In the wide range of material on the internal market, since November 1997 the Commission has been publishing a scoreboard, a periodic report, that indicates the situation of each Member State as regards the inclusion of directives, the observance of infringement procedures, and so on; this scoreboard is already available on the Internet.
We have just seen how necessary it is for the Member States to act coherently, and I find the Council’s absence from this debate most unfortunate; I would like it to be informed that we are not happy about it.
We must therefore be able to assess the results of the Luxembourg employment conference in the light of everything that Mr Van Velzen has had approved by this Parliament here today.
The possibility is there, so we have to try to reinforce his office as much as we can, but again, please be patient as we are still working on the details.
I am certain that my colleagues who are specialists in this area will be pleased to give him the information he seeks on a future occasion.
At first reading I welcomed the Commission's proposals to set a target value encouraging Member States not to permit ozone to exceed the World Health Organisation's guidelines of more than 20 days a year; to alert the public if local health risks are high; and to compare the performance of different countries.
I firmly believe that only through discussions with citizens will we renew their faith in the uniqueness of the European project.
Yes, Mr Teverson, you are quite right.
At this juncture, I believe all efforts should be pooled and meetings that MEPs could have in Minsk with Belarusian parliamentarians, for example, would also be most useful.
I accept the need to reform the Treaties and to create more open, democratic, efficient and accountable governance.
Thousands are brought here from Central and Eastern Europe, Africa, Asia and Latin America, attracted by false information and driven by poverty at home and by the need to feed their families.
It is six years since Directive 1999/70/EC entered into force in 2001 and Greece has not yet complied therewith.
2006 discharge: EU general budget, section II - Council (
The first is that the objective of this round must be the reduction of inequalities in development between north and south.
I declare resumed the session of the European Parliament, adjourned on Friday, 30 September 1996.
Ultimately, however, it is a different rail policy that we need in Europe.
We know the importance of the entry of third-country nationals for temporary periods of study, which brings enormous benefits and advantages for the host country and the student alike.
One may or may not be in favour of the amendment, but I wish to protest against deeming it unacceptable, because I do not consider that to be the case.
By encouraging groupings, for example, we could create champions capable of acting on a world scale, drawing after them a whole sector of job-creating SMEs.
The best policy approach for jobs, companies, and particularly for medium-sized companies, is a moderate taxation policy.
If British clinics are indeed offering high cash prices to Romanian women for their ova, not only are they encouraging people to turn the human body into a source of profit, which is prohibited and condemned under Article 3 of the EU Charter of Fundamental Rights, they are also indulging in sordid exploitation of the donors’ weakness and poverty.
Increasing the number of bodies in the area of political do-gooding while these same political groups and this same Parliament are stifling the economic freedom which could earn the money for a real improvement in the living standards of the peoples of Europe is a misjudgement and a classic political faux pas.
I do believe, however, that we are right to demand more than just an agreement from all the parties.
It is impossible to verify the origin of processed tuna that enters the European market.
The same criteria are applied when assessing the state aid, viability being the most prominent of them, and the German shipyards - let me take that example - were successfully restructured and turned into a viable business, while the Commission considers that the restructuring plans presented by the Polish authorities will not ensure long-term viability.
Anti-personnel mines
There are cases in post-conflict situations where budget support is simply necessary – even if a country is not even discussing being on-track or off-track – simply because if we and other donors did not step in, everything would simply break down.
With the cooperation of the interpretation service, I think that we can work until 7.15 p.m., which means that, from 7.15 p.m. there will be no interpretation service, no Commissioner and no President, because we all have other commitments.
This brings to an end an important episode in the history of European parliamentary democracy.
However, so far we have not really done enough to take advantage of Europe's enormous tourist potential, whichever aspect we take.
(Applause)
To date however, as you are well aware, no response has been received to these questionnaires, even after written reminders were sent.
This is not in keeping with the exact wording of the Florence agreements. And I just want to add that for two days now I have had in my hands a late report from the EU inspectors.
The committee took the view that these measures were important, in that they reduced the risk of coming into contact with the infective agent which causes BSE.
Nevertheless, the Green Group will vote in favour of the amendments, which still go further than the Commission's proposal or the report itself.
At the same time, Mazowsze is the region with the most marked internal differences.
The new Daphne programme and the new fundamental rights programme may, for example, enable us also to provide financial aid for the European Network of Ombudspeople for Children.
We surely do not wish this to happen and this is why we must continue to make every effort in this area.
There is also a problem here between the Court of Luxembourg and the Court of Strasbourg.
The joint effort in committee by the various political groups demonstrates that common diplomacy is a concern felt by all of us.
Environmental protection and protection for public health are clearly not the European Union's priorities, despite what it may say.
Mass distribution has a key role to play in this regard.
It is true that the area of freedom, security and justice has progressed, but it is also true that we are at the dawn, as it were, of this real judicial community in which people will be able to move about, within the European area and, at the same time, have their rights upheld, no matter which Member State they are in.
This point needs to be raised because it is a fact.
So it is not surprising that the Milosevic regime is now taking a harder line than before against the independent media.
The French press in particular is falling over itself to depict the storm clouds gathering over the wretched Union because it is no longer presided over by someone as infinitely able as the French President but has instead been taken over by a band of Czechs.
We believe that the Commission should now, for the sake of the credibility of all our work, prepare the draft directive.
The forthcoming enlargement of the Union is used as an argument for this.
Do you really believe that you can keep to the deadlines, given the big differences on agricultural policy?
(Applause)
But I have now learned a new expression from you, Mr Santer.
The next item is the joint debate on:
In other words, transit would be split, we would have more exhaust emissions and more costs to consumers. That is not the solution.
MONUC brings a constructive and objective approach to this conflict, but it cannot be asked for things that are not part of its mission.
In our case, it relates to Article 3 of the MEDA Regulation which states that the programme is based on respect for democratic principles and the rule of law, and for the human rights and fundamental freedoms that are an essential aspect of them, violation of which justifies the adoption of appropriate measures.
Everything that can give new impetus to the construction of Europe must be achieved both within the institutions and in accordance with the acquis communautaire.
Has it taken advantage of this for this current national tragedy?
Commission, ladies and gentlemen, I am surprised that I am the first to mention this.
This is why I supported this text, which reminds all the European parties concerned, including Member States and institutions, of their duties under the Charter and of the need to develop a genuine culture of civil liberties and effective collaboration on the subject.
This assessment confirms the great success of the pilot project and the thirteen schools.
The Commission has also asked what China could do about traceability, and welcomes the initiatives in China to require the bar-coding, at factory level, of certain categories of high-risk product.
But the idea in paragraph 51, indent 5 might give a sensible idea of how to proceed, bringing in national parliaments to make our own resources system more transparent.
On Thursday and Friday, you will be able to sign the attendance register.
Europe must remain a civil power.
Madam President, ladies and gentlemen, I must join the chorus of compliments and congratulations addressed to our rapporteur, Mr Tindemans, for this very important own-initiative report, which comes at a key moment in our foreign policy.
At the same time, our goal was to define necessary future steps in EU legislation.
I would like to state quite categorically on behalf of the Scottish National Party members here, Mrs Ewing and myself, that is not the case.
The increase in consumer confidence brought about by a compulsory system would be outweighed by the increase in the cost of the insurance itself and the delays resulting from settlement of cases by the courts.
The EU will continue to press for such will to be shown.
For my part, I have three specific suggestions.
This has never been a divisive issue inside the Commission.
Not one of these attacks has come under investigation.
By participating in the EMCDDA and exchanging information, Croatia will be able to understand the problem and better respond to it.
So I must reserve the Commission's position on this amendment for today.
Reference is also made to the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, the results of the UN conference on cross-territorial stocks and migratory species, the code of conduct on responsible fishing and the role of the International Baltic Sea Fishery Commission.
Daughters are in some countries seen as an economic liability and, according to UNFPAs, the sex ratio at birth, although it is slightly higher, becomes more accentuated because of this.
What happened last week was just the latest in a long line of incidents triggered by Mr Berisha over the last few months and we need to put a stop to them.
The Ministers for Transport unanimously reached political agreement on this proposal in March.
We are concerned, however, by the productivity approach, as, moreover, you yourself called it in an interview for an Italian newspaper: that is, the decision to make migratory flows conditional on the requirements of the European labour market.
Lastly, as I also said in the debate, I must distance myself from a biased report that ignores many of the main aims of the Cairo International Conference: economic growth, town planning, the environment, employment, holding fathers jointly responsible for women’s sexual health and education as a whole, in addition to education focusing specifically on sexual and reproductive health.
The example of Mor Gabriel forms part of this issue.
Therefore, I imagine that we should at this point applaud the fact that these directives have been adopted so quickly and that European society will benefit from this work.
Firstly, as regards drinking water in developing countries, the Commission proposed in its communication on water management in developing countries that priority should be given to ensuring a supply to every human being - especially the poorest - of sufficient drinking water of good quality and of adequate means of waste disposal, with the general objective of reducing poverty and improving people's health and quality of life.
Before legal requirements of this kind are enacted, they must be considered in the light of whether they are really suitable as a means for achieving the declared objective, namely the protection of public health.
Słubice and Frankfurt/Oder are both part of a united Europe.
As recent cases such as Microsoft and Intel have shown, the Commission will take enforcement action to ensure that competition on the merits allows, where necessary, consumers to choose between different alternatives and therefore benefit from technical developments and innovations.
One solution would be for the Member States to join a CO2 emissions reduction club, on a voluntary basis.
Our challenge was to consolidate European legislative instruments to fight illegal shipping and prevent maritime accidents and the pollution of our seas.
The annual interest payments alone, by which this debt is serviced, amount to EUR 230 billion per annum - more than double the European Union's Budget.
We would like this matter to be debated in plenary so that we can decide what action to take in order to ensure that his death sentence is suspended and that Mumia Abu-Jamal is given the opportunity to prove his innocence in a fair trial.
At the same time, women are affected by the gender gaps that persist in employment, unemployment and pay.
I would also like to congratulate my colleagues, Mrs Kalniete and Mr Correia De Campos, for their good work.
Indeed, all Europeans, both men and women, could identify with this speech made 2 500 years ago.
Applying the precautionary principle does not, therefore, automatically imply a ban.
Practice, however, has shown that those who submit projects are asked to submit such elaborate details that very often, they do not even know where to start.
President-in-Office of the Council. - Mr President, let me remind you that the Council has always examined the opinions and resolutions of Parliament with great interest and attention.
What are the main characteristics of an action plan?
The resolution does not say a single word about the terrorist acts and kidnappings which have been carried out as James Cason has continued with his exploits in Cuba.
Liberalisation of some sectors is one area where action is outstanding. Another is failure to adopt technological innovation.
So there will be virtually no explanations of vote on this subject.
Only 3% of healthcare budgets is currently allocated to prevention, however, even though it is well known that prevention is better than cure.
Then along came Mrs Dahl, who has replaced Mr Bonde, and compared the rapporteur with Kafka, which is certainly a favourable comparison; that is to say, Mrs Dahl should not be so much in agreement with Mr Bonde.
I should like to ask the Dutch Presidency which directions it intends to move in over the next few months.
My political group has therefore decided to support inclusion in Appendix II as a compromise between the proposal of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety and those of us who think that fisheries management cannot be snatched away from regional fisheries organisations.
If you do so, that is your business.
The regulation thus proposes abolishment of the 'exequatur' procedure.
I am not satisfied - and this was confirmed to me by the Commissioner's remarks - that EU Governments are serious about this issue.
For example, in 2010 the net transfer from the EU to Ireland's agricultural budget was estimated at EUR 978.3 million.
These two amendments enhance the common position.
I thank you for it.
My three Indo-Chinese godchildren tell me about the racism they observe, not from the old French, but from communities which detest that quiet community of Vietnamese people who love France.
Freedom, certainly, for those who are listening to us on the Echelon system.
We must apply one rule for all and restrict transport in both categories.
When our friends and colleagues come next year to London, now miraculously free from its all-enveloping 19th century smog, let us hope that only the mist and mizzle of the 21st century stand between us and ASEAN in the development of our fraternal futures together.
The second attempt has smoothed off the rough edges and simply gone along with the US conventions.
For example, what criteria and what priorities will be used to determine how European airborne fire-fighting units are to be used where fires break out in several countries at once, for example, in Portugal and Greece at the same time.
Mr President, the Group of the Party of European Socialists welcomes the creation of a new regional fisheries organisation to govern the South-East Atlantic, namely the South-East Atlantic Fisheries Organisation (SEAFO), and also the Community participation in this organisation.
The material that we gathered with such difficulty under the guidance of the committee chairman, Mr Böge, is, I think, material that can be used by any interested party for the attribution of criminal and civil responsibility, since we ourselves do not have that competence.
I must say, Commissioner, that this affair is getting off to a very bad start.
Today, in addition to national supervisory bodies, there are also these three joint supervisory bodies, each with its own secretariat.
The one that raises most difficulty was your ruling on the query raised by the leader of the Liberal, Democratic and Reformist Group and others as to whether the word to be used in the final text is 'banished' , ' ostracized' or 'condemned' .
Young boys are terrorised into virtual slavery as guards and soldiers.
We prefer the Union to complete its ambitious package of 'energy and climate' legislation.
I would like to point out that the amount of aids will also be one of the key factors that the Commission will take into account when examining the matter in depth.
According to the Council, the conclusion of accession negotiations with Croatia is within reach, but we know from the Commission that corruption issues and judicial reform have not yet been properly dealt with.
Others see it as an extension of foreign trade and yet others regard it mainly as a means of keeping the balance of power in place.
On the other hand, they have some positive features, they are environmental storehouses, repositories of historical and cultural traditions, and all of that must be conserved.
There are many cases where counterfeit products pose a danger to the health, or even the lives, of consumers, and it is not necessary to elaborate any further on this point.
It is a serious problem and it is a problem that you have to address.
It is also important to take regional differences into account.
I echo the remarks of the President of Parliament at the beginning of the afternoon.
The British Government is continuing to hide the truth of Mr Finucane’s murder for its own political reasons.
The annual survey of healthcare, the Euro Health Consumer Index (EHCI) 2008, reports that Portugal is towards the bottom of the ranking of healthcare systems in Europe.
My motion to amend was signed by all of the representatives from the Baltic States, regardless of their party affiliation.
He did not do so, he identified himself with the interventionists, and lost a precious and long-awaited opportunity.
I am not going to repeat the numbers of refugees in the different regions.
That is why I welcome the initiative the Ombudsman has taken in proposing changes to his statute.
He believes that the new initiative should have been preceded by a study on the impact of the system on the beneficiary countries and more time for hearing experts, specialist organisations, beneficiary countries and representatives of civil society. That would have allowed the report of the Committee on Development to be linked with those of other parliamentary committees.
In Zambia, several women are murdered every week by their men.
Secondly, we welcome the solidarity between the French departments and citizens, and the solidarity of other countries with France, which is the country worst affected.
The farmers affected are having serious trouble surviving and will face bankruptcy unless specific measures are taken at once.
Therefore, concerns that cohesion policy will be detached from the implementation of EU overall strategy are unfounded.
With this hybrid function that is partially independent and partially dependent, it is not easy to implement something like this and, therefore, I am very curious to see what will be included in a consultation paper.
The Commission will therefore take every initiative - legislative or otherwise - to guarantee consistency between the future stability mechanism and the economic governance carried out by the Union within the euro area.
Today, I should also like to pay tribute to him and say that his message must be accepted by all of us as an essential message for Europe.
We have never had a public consultation on communicating Europe.
This is also why we feel that within the Union, the role of the Employment, Social Policy, Health and Consumer Affairs Council (EPSCO) must be firmly guaranteed, on a par with that of the Economic and Financial Affairs Council (Ecofin).
However, the task should not be underestimated.
We are appealing to the world's largest democracy, namely India, to take its democratic responsibility seriously and, together with ASEAN and the European Union, to support democracy and rule of law in Burma and not become chums with one of the world's most evil regimes.
That is sharing responsibility like the responsible Europeans all of us are here.
Madam President, I should like briefly to pick up on two points.
The following questions have been submitted to the Council.
(FR) Madam President, in my view, there will be no lasting solution to unemployment and underemployment unless we reverse the current approach, which prioritises capital over labour, and unless we introduce a new form of wealth distribution that includes an increase in pay, in social protection levels and in minimum benefits.
We can certainly agree to the creation of this reserve, particularly for the purpose of providing a cushion against market uncertainties.
It is also the case of the countries which have preferential agreements with us, like the countries of the southern and eastern Mediterranean, some of the ACP countries and other small exporters.
For Portugal the situation is highly complicated since about 30 vessels and 600 fishermen are living in this constant uncertainty; therefore the extension of aid, although late, may minimise the consequences of the cessation of activity and even those of a more profound restructuring.
Mr President, I ask you to refer to the services, please.
The Commission will also use its powers in regard to competition to monitor carefully dominant positions.
The competences of the Commissioners appointed would be subdivided.
I personally believe that rather than unilaterally and unexpectedly announcing an independent capital for the Palestinian territories, it would be preferable and more useful if the European Union would concentrate all its efforts on encouraging and pushing for the creation of a real democracy in the Palestinian territories, for example, supporting non-violent opposition.
Our proposal clarifies the situation and would oblige Member States to apply the required labelling rules.
That is what I want too, but I have had no clear indication from industry that they are becoming amicably disposed towards the Commission proposal and getting on board the Joint Undertaking.
All those who do not now restore the rule of law and end this war bear responsibility for the terrible violence, for the civilian victims, for the destruction of the basic means of livelihood and civilian infrastructure in Serbia, for the use of forbidden weapons.
It accepts the sacrifice of progress for people and development for countries to the interests of multinationals.
The debate is closed.
The Austrian Presidency is happy to confirm that it intends to continue with this form of cooperation with the Council of Europe.
I have been contacted by cultural organisations from my country that are unhappy because Romania is not included this year in the programme.
The Court of First Instance now faces a huge backlog of cases and a further increase is expected when appeals against trademark decisions start to flood in.
This decision was taken in order to rationalise Community aid to the Irish production sector, but also because it was believed that this area should no longer receive Community aid precisely because of the high performance of the Irish economy.
However, the June List is immovable in respect of the issue of tax policy.
If we insist on democracy in this process – not just in word but in reality – then we will have a real outcome that every true democrat can accept.
For we are talking about a service activity, not a new institution, a service activity which would contribute to producing a high-quality, timely intervention which is the responsibility of the Union institutions alone.
All it does is boost the profits of those in a position to earn them, thereby exacerbating inequality as regards development.
Consumers read the ingredients on food packaging and often base their choice on what the package says.
This is what is laid down by the Charter of Fundamental Rights of the European Union and this is what makes me - indeed, I believe, makes us - proud to be part of the European Union.
Although perhaps unwillingly, the West has rather often turned its attention away from events on the Korean peninsula.
I fervently hope that this favourable climate will remain throughout the short-term future as well.
We have often spoken of a window of opportunity.
We have this triptych here neatly from Ms Evans: replacement, reduction and scaling down.
Mr President, it is, of course, a good thing that Europe is attempting to limit the harmful products which are used in farming to kill parasites and make fruit, vegetables and all agricultural produce as healthy as possible and to grow them in the greatest possible quantities.
Please let us proceed thus.
Firstly, we need to look in detail at how the financial, or economic, crisis might affect the context of our common policy.
These problems were identified in the White Paper on the common transport policy.
We also need to send out a message that no religious or other tradition or practice can take precedence over respect for fundamental human rights and the rule of law.
We cannot expect to have dynamic economies if we make even greater demands on those who are generating growth and jobs by imposing heavy tax regimes and bureaucratic regulations.
We clearly expect more than the token appeal on the part of the G8 ministers on 23 June to Harare to adhere to the rule of law and respect human rights; an excellent starting point for these world leaders would be this House’s resolution, which is explicit and uncompromising.
In addition, we must devote our full attention to the measures decided upon at European level, that is to say, the action plan.
Thank you very much.
   – Mr President, the Middle East crisis may teach Europe a very tough lesson, a lesson resulting from disaster, which will force us out of our European crisis.
The law on employment contracts is 'made more flexible' but in reality it is relaxed.
Mr President, I draw three fairly obvious conclusions from the impasse with Russia and Ukraine.
First of all, I should like to distance myself quite categorically from the questions about the 1% approach put by, among others, Mrs Dührkop Dührkop and Mrs Buitenweg, who was delighted that this approach would be abandoned.
In May this year the Commission issued at my suggestion a communication with a thorough analysis of this development.
Mr President, I would like to express my sincere thanks to all my fellow Members, including my appreciation of their valuable contributions to the debate tonight.
I have often said that there is no longer a boundary between external and internal security, because all their component elements interact; this is the case in respect of both crime and immigration.
Once again, I stress the importance of taking advantage of the many amendments which do make sense and help to make the text more reasonable.
I should like to explain that even though we are now proceeding with the consumer aspect, that does not mean that we have reached any final conclusion on whether to include any other aspects of contract law.
These include the request for a temporary set-aside to be introduced, contained in Amendments Nos 2 and 13; allowing for 40 % of the aid to be withheld, through Amendments Nos 3, 10 and 12; and increasing the aid to ECU 500 per hectare, provided for by Amendments Nos 1 and 11.
It calls on the Commission to implement legislation creating a status for such bodies, facilitating their funding and enabling them to integrate better into the daily political life of citizens.
Naturally we must ensure that research also produces marketable results, but innovation goes beyond that.
The Council is still deliberating on it and the Austrian Presidency will do all it can to reach a conclusion as soon as possible.
The provisions of the proposal for a directive stipulate that public bodies and companies, and also companies offering a public passenger transport service, must include energy consumption and the emission of CO2 and other pollutants among the criteria for selecting vehicles procured by means of competitive tendering.
It is not a matter of taking one of the two obvious, and old, sides in the Middle East conflict, with the Israelis on the one hand and the Palestinians on the other.
In addition, it is undesirable for subsidies to lead to a cargo shift between rail, short sea shipping and inland shipping.
The flag is intended to represent perfection, complementarity and solidarity and to symbolise Europe's unity.
What is the distinguishing feature of this interpretation?
I have also tabled two amendments to Articles 6 and 7 to have these deleted, because I believe that the Commission is not competent to take measures to intervene in bilateral agreements.
For Ukraine to develop properly it needs new technologies, investment, and expansion of the banking system and social communication.
For example, we recognise the important role the EIB has in the European investment climate and we also feel that the EIB should take more account in its internal scrutiny of the effectiveness of the European funds spent on the environment.
And yet Mr McCartin comes to the conclusion that he should recommend discharge.
However, this is only the start and I am sure – and hope – that the Commissioner will leave that structure in place for us to follow through.
It is an impartial demonstration of the anti-agricultural line taken by the common agricultural policy.
There are lessons to be learnt from this crisis.
Approval of the Minutes of the previous sitting
Lastly, a reference has been made to the speech I made a few days ago on the need for a European tax.
It could only be applied to recently created works.
Of course, I too am unreservedly in favour of comprehensive information for consumers.
Civil war has been raging there for 19 years.
If that is the case, we cannot resort to solutions which sound good but are false.
On reading President Bush's speech today, however, I see no sign of this.
I trust that the governments of the European Union meeting this week in Cardiff will back the moves by the British presidency to get this reform under way.
There is greater need for further education and re-training to address the needs of women's equality.
On the other hand, the idea behind what some have been saying, namely that there is only one possible outcome, whatever that may be, is one that I would neither accept nor support.
This agreement sends a strong signal of the solidarity of European citizens with the Algerian people.
I would now ask the last few speakers to be very brief.
Therefore, this FTA - whether its intellectual property rights chapter, its investment chapter or any other chapter - will not undermine the capacity of India to promote, produce or export generic medicines, including through compulsory licences.
Secondly: we must, as an exception, also support necessary transportation and exports of valuable timber to third countries.
As long as we have national parties, we will never have a Europe.
Finally, I would like to thank all those members of the delegation from the European Parliament who took part in the discussions of the Budget Council held on 16 July, and also all of those people who are no longer Members of Parliament.
I believe that this period of work, which Parliament has begun today with the presentation of the reports, will increasingly have to take into account the victims of terrorism, as well as the perpetrators of terrorist acts, of course.
But I would like to draw attention to the issues that somehow we have underestimated.
Thus, the new Commission includes four Commissioners who were part of the former, recently disowned team.
Therefore, from a strictly legal point of view, the establishment of a permanent exception should be ruled out forever.
The Palestinians, despite the pronouncements of the West, have unfortunately not yet seen the objective of creating their own independent state being promoted.
   The debate is closed.
In particular, we endeavoured to comply with the annual expenditure ceilings set by the Financial Perspective for 2002-2006, to leave, where possible, adequate margins below the ceiling for the various headings, with the exception of headings 2 and 7, and, lastly, to provide sufficient funding for the European Union's various priorities.
Parliament must take itself seriously.
In his speech today, Mr Juncker moved from considering the European subcontinent to examining our ambitions within a Eurasian continent.
That gives me some experience.
As underlined by the President-in-Office of the Council, Mr Guterres, we were able to coordinate our economic policies to launch the euro.
Furthermore, know-how in the field of management and technology must be acquired and spread in order to encourage new methods of production and to promote a form of tourism that responds as well as possible to changes in the market.
It contains wide-ranging provisions intended to secure the future of all communities in Kosovo, as well as protection of religious sites and cultural heritage.
Most stressed that they need a different kind of support from the European Union.
This imbalance becomes more explosive with every passing day.
I voted in favour of the resolution on the future of the Africa-EU Strategic Partnership during the period preceding the 3rd Africa-EU Summit because I believe that the partnership established between the two continents three years ago, during the Portuguese Presidency of the EU, should continue to be strengthened, so that together, we can face common challenges and promote sustainable development, peace and human rights.
I have the feeling they are just another compulsory exercise we have to perform.
However, in a Community where there are approximately 20 million people unemployed - and since we are faced with the prospect of a further 42 000 people who are employed in the tax-free industry facing unemployment - I should prefer it if the Commission, via the Council, could undertake very serious research to give us the facts as they stand at the present time.
Mr President, I would like to know why you have ruled this written declaration unacceptable?
It could be challenged in the WTO and would have enormous environmental and economic consequences.
Innovation in the field of human resources must take place through the development of the existing programmes, such as Socrates, Leonardo and TACIS.
It is right in my view that countries experiencing an economic downturn, such as Germany for example, are given more time to get their budgetary position on track.
Is the European Council prepared to exert the necessary pressure for this?
Fundamental European values and rights are built on this heritage - on these roots.
Equally significant is experience during this entire period in different EU countries.
Low sulphur fuels are an integral element in these sets of proposals which seek to reduce the amount of emissions from diesel engines.
With its Communication on 'The European Union and Latin America - the present situation and prospects for closer partnership 1996-2000' the Commission has pointed the way to reviving these relations.
In 2001, we saw with the Electricity Directive, which contained clear targets, that we had achieved a new breakthrough in the Member States.
It strikes me as preferable by far, and as a more promising course of action, to get these countries into a situation in which they have to make a move, and to motivate them to stop sulking and making excuses for each other, and instead to say, ‘yes, we do have a shared responsibility’.
It is for that reason that I advocate a reform of schools policy which would have to incorporate the aspirations of students and young people.
In the long term, it would mean accepting cost increases on orders without being able to check if they could be obtained more cheaply elsewhere, which is why this trend must be reversed.
There are different ethical considerations where immigration is concerned: cooperation with these countries would make it possible to deal with the issue of immigration more compassionately, more thoroughly, less traumatically and with greater involvement of the countries concerned.
I very much hope that this report will serve as a springboard for the much deeper discussion and analysis that we require.
This discovery dashes our hopes that the disease could be confined to the UK.
(For results and other information regarding the vote: see Minutes)
By approving a new mission in the region, the EU is supporting this policy and is contributing to the violation of UN Resolution 1244 of 1999.
Everyone must help, especially industry, because we know that this is what consumers are demanding.
The Beijing Conference was extremely important in terms of recognising women' s rights and approving an Action Platform endorsed by 189 countries. It established the content of these rights and approved instruments allowing these rights to be gradually consolidated.
It is also vital that this report is made available as soon as possible. This week, for example, in the Dutch Lower Chamber - and undoubtedly elsewhere - an asylum policy is again being discussed which is drafted in such a way as to be completely out of tune with everything that is happening in the EU Member States.
Member States are convinced that requirements in this field can only be met effectively and sensibly by joint action.
You rightly said at the beginning that you want to reconcile the public with Europe.
(The sitting was closed at 11.20 p.m.)
Situation in the Middle East
They are all known as mobile workers for the purposes of this directive.
The Committee on Employment and Social Affairs and the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, which both discussed the Commission report, took a keen interest in it, as can be seen from the fact that over 100 amendments to my motion for a resolution were tabled.
Some suspicion continues to linger in the minds and hearts of the people.
There was no simultaneous interpretation into Portuguese during the last speech.
And we said this at the last meeting of the Intergovernmental Conference, and it has been accepted by the Italian Presidency as well and, while I was preparing this speech, Mr President, I received a note from the Ansa agency in which Mr Tremonti, President-in-Office of ECOFIN, says, and I will read in Italian: [We believe it is essential that the text prepared by the Convention should be approved just as it is].
We also heard about the issues of having to return to one's country of origin, at great expense and inconvenience, in order to apply for a new work permit attached to a new job.
I have condemned that violence and called for an inquiry - an inquiry that has to be as thorough as it is independent and that should tell us exactly what happened.
Those Member States which care for the environment have had to fight to be allowed to do in their own countries what Europe will not do for them.
And, of course, the added profit may more than compensate for those lives.
Mr President, we in the Group of the Greens/European Free Alliance are pleased that we have, at any event, succeeded in agreeing upon a resolution, even though we should, of course, have liked it to be stronger on certain points.
I will remind you all that over a 10-year period, the number of people with higher education is to rise by 10% - from 30% to 40% - and spending by Member States on research and development is to rise to 3%.
The Oslo Accords and the interim accord request a regrouping in three stages according to unilateral decisions by Israel.
Poor asylum decision-making is addressed in this report.
   Mr President, as has been amply elucidated here, Turkey has made progress with its reforms.
Unfortunately, the Council can, to date, only regret that these efforts have still not come to anything due to opposition from other Iranian bodies, most notably the Council of Guardians.
In any case, I endorse the hard line taken in your response.
But this involves just the same increased risk of movement of unlawful substances such as narcotics across the borders as free movement for Union citizens does.
Similarly, we recently had the crisis in Lebanon and the associated problems created by the hostilities.
A lot of work still needs to be done to develop the details to make this directive operational.
Energy is a huge project for European integration, as the internal market was in the past.
We fully agree with the rapporteur' s view concerning the linguistic staff necessary for enlargement.
It is also necessary to tackle the worrying increase in swap practices – in other words, anomalous movements of products with the aim of bypassing more stringent customs controls (imports from Belgium have increased by an amount of 17.8%, which is absolutely inexplicable).
Mr President, the case of Derek Rocco Barnabei makes our resolution all the more urgent.
It is clear that the European Parliament can and should play an important role in pursuing this project.
Older workers will see young people as their competitors.
Let me also say that I am well aware, as you all should be, that whatever is said in this Chamber regarding Israel gets scrutinised very meticulously by the Israeli authorities and then gets totally disregarded as far as the substance of the matter is concerned.
There is an enormous amount of administration involved in the present scheme.
Secondly, I should like to ask why it is not the Committee on Budgets at this moment in time that is the right one to deal with the fundamentals of this issue, since this is a regulation with an essentially financial content.
The fact is that travel agents are also reporting a number of cancellations.
If you asked me to bet on what historians will judge to be the defining issue of this Presidency in ten or twenty years’ time, I would not bet on it being whether or not we reached agreement on the financial perspective in December, although I hope we do.
I would urge all the groups in this Parliament to support the resolution and the amendments to encourage UK MPs tomorrow to oppose Trident replacement and to honour the commitment made over 35 years ago when the NPT was signed.
I should just like to confirm that the Commissioner and the French Minister for Europe are both agreed on that point.
Or are you simply pushing it aside?
It is necessary to make guidelines binding and to make information available to citizens.
Madam President, the preamble to the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, approved 50 years ago, stated amongst other things that disregard and contempt for human rights have resulted in acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind.
In this context, the Europe 2020 strategy provides an opportunity for visibility: a European social policy.
Firstly, Mrs Haug has instigated a real witch-hunt against the common agricultural policy because, just by citing the share of agricultural expenditure in the Community budget, she has asserted that this is a main cause of the budgetary imbalance.
In both cases, violent colonialist policy pursued by nationalist-communist police states has resulted in bloodshed.
B5-0278/99 by Mr Thomas Mann, on behalf of the PPE (Christian Democrats)/DE Group;
Cultural issues are first and foremost a national and inter state matter.
The extensive Danube region, which includes 14 European countries and numbers 115 million people both within and outside the EU, required the creation of a single plan combining economic, environmental, social and cultural aspects (these are also the four pillars of the strategy).
This would hurt Italian regions to the benefit of regions in the new Member States which, with the recent enlargement, have already received a huge share of funding.
Let us launch this second pillar, which is still absent in so many areas and sectors where it could be having an innovative effect, now that it can finally operate outside the traditional blockages paralysing any autonomous European initiative.
Mr Bini Smaghi seems to imply that the pact’s own rigidities led to certain Member States breaking its rules and that the politics of the SGP made sensible economics impossible.
My question to Commissioner Kinnock therefore relates to the notion of time.
This importance of voluntary activity in sport has repeatedly been acknowledged at the EU political level: in its 2007 White Paper on Sport, the Commission explicitly recognises the role of voluntary activity as one of the common elements of the European approach to sport.
What happens is the boiler runs out and the heating bills go through the roof.
Until such time as all the elements of ideological or religious fundamentalism which were discarded are one day tackled as they should be, we will not vote for Mr Oostlander's report.
At the same time we deployed an Election Observation Mission.
I acknowledge the courage shown by those who are signatories to this agreement and the role that the Norwegian Government and its Ambassador to Sri Lanka played in bringing it about.
It is no longer possible to speak of the diseases of underdeveloped countries since any of us could contract these diseases at any time.
While waiting for official confirmation of the results of the vote, I would like to congratulate the people of Ukraine for conducting free and transparent elections.
It is true that we need cooperation in this process of change in Bolivia, but I am also bringing you proposals to invite you to resolve the problems together, whether they be America’s or Europe’s problems.
I should like to say to Mrs Van Dijk that, until the European Union has the instruments it needs to go on peace missions, and therefore also - as in this case - to arrest war criminals, we will always be trying to find fault with one State or another: today it has been France, tomorrow it could be Italy or the United Kingdom.
Only this morning we were talking about the attacks which are launched almost daily against our Parliament.
They are the trend of the 21st century and this debate is very welcome.
However, you are extremely optimistic when you say that the only reason there are so few Members in the Chamber is because we have got a few technical display problems.
This has demonstrated what a positive impact the EU can have.
Why have you abandoned the ceiling, Commissioner?
Madam President, Mr President-in-Office, President Prodi, firstly, I would like to express my very sincere thanks for the comments that have been made by colleagues here this morning and by you, Madam President and President Prodi on the good news from Ireland on the decommissioning of arms.
The directive should favour the effective circulation of audiovisual work, and should guarantee minimal regulation of the market.
I would ask you to prevent this in future, otherwise I too would like to speak for another two minutes.
I would like to quote the example of sugar.
I would say to the Commissioner that it is also about the EU's relations with Russia.
Crying wolf damages the credibility of the precautionary principle.
It is more important to ensure that these elections are meaningful than to hold deformed elections which ratify the Hun Sen coup.
It is true that he was involved in introducing the Social Chapter, as well as the employment strategy and the active labour market policy in EU cooperation.
I agree with Mr Deva that the route to conflict resolution is easy to delineate but more difficult to pursue in practice.
All this, Mr President, is completely in line with the policy of the Barroso-Verheugen duo who, unless they adopt a different line of conduct, are in danger one day of receiving the ‘Attila the Hun Prize’ for Europe.
If we do not include falls from heights, the only certainty is that there will be more and the rate will increase.
Secondly, it must be ensured that humanitarian aid, which is still so necessary to the population, is channelled via NGOs and the United Nations and, thirdly, that the maintaining of the arms embargos on the region is guaranteed, as well as strict compliance with the code of conduct on arms exports.
The Commission pointed out in committee that it plans to present a novel feed directive in the future.
The next item is the recommendation for second reading (A5-0068/2001) from Mrs Oomen-Ruijten, on behalf of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Policy, concerning the common position of the Council with a view to the adoption of a European Parliament and Council regulation on the limitation of emissions of certain pollutants into the air from large combustion plants [COM(2000) - C5-0562/2000 - 1998/0225(COD)].
Equally deplorable are the obstacles that have been raised by neighbouring countries to prevent emergency aid from reaching the people affected by the war.
Twenty-one Member States were mobilised to respond.
It is therefore also difficult to see the effect of the proposed measures.
All the socialist election boards, the OSCE Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights (ODIHR), the election observers and we ourselves believed that the elections were managed correctly.
It is not easy to combine research funds from the European Union and from various Member States.
On the contrary, it should be cut.
The subject dominated the European Union-Russia Summit on 22 October and it dominated our discussion at the General Affairs Council on Monday.
As we have previously highlighted, this is a profoundly anti-communist campaign which aims to divide democratic forces by denying and falsifying the communist contribution to the anti-fascist fight and to the development of our civilisation.
(FR) Madam President, Commissioner, the current financial crisis is proof that, when a problem is global, we need global action.
We also, perhaps, need to face up to the fact that this is where we reach the outer limit of what can be standardised in Europe through legislation at the European level.
The Kosovo crisis gave us a concrete picture of how important it is for us to build cooperation and peace in Europe.
But this means action on an international level as well as on a European Union level.
I think that is important.
Mr President, I am going to speak on a hot topic, smoke, or kapnos , as the Greeks say. Tobacco, we call it.
On the certification procedure, Article 45a now makes provision, in Paragraph 2, for the European Personnel Selection Office to determine the contents of all examinations organised by the institutions in order to ensure that the basic requirements of a transfer are met in a harmonised and consistent manner.
I would like your reassurance that the investigation into Brussels security breaches, some involving firearms, is being vigorously pursued.
I have been very clear with you, Mr Cohn-Bendit, about exactly what my mandate is.
You are always worth listening to when you are in the Chair, you carry out your duties efficiently and in this respect you are a symbol for us that this piece of reporting was badly researched.
I hope it is not war.
There is also an obvious danger, along the lines of American policy, in companies being granted the right to provide financial subsidy to what have been approved as European political parties.
However, the Commission has always tried to put forward the right balance between an efficient policy combating illegal migration and, at the same time, defining the grass roots of a proactive, positive policy on migration.
I regret the scenes we have seen recently in Spain, Italy and elsewhere, which show racism in football on the increase again.
I once again thank you for this debate.
Let me cite three relevant examples.
There was also, for the first time, a more positive reference to issues of maternity and paternity, usually associated with the male role, and the need for job-sharing.
Unfortunately, the current Czech government has done nothing to intensify the fight against fraud and corruption.
The data transferred must be used only within a strictly defined context and must not be transferred to a third country.
Well then, following this reasoning, we could cheerfully label Spain, Ireland and maybe even Italy as undemocratic countries with dysfunctional Constitutions, whereas their governments are the victims of terrorism, Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, and cannot be held accountable for it.
The United Kingdom Presidency is also working with the Commission to host a seminar later this year on the question of third-country agreements.
The vote will take place at 12 noon.
As there are inequalities in terms of access to diagnosis and treatment, not only between countries but also within them, national action plans need to be devised which provide a solidarity-based response geared towards prevention and the treatment of people living with dementia, particularly Alzheimer's, as well as towards supporting the people around them (healthcare professionals, service providers or relatives).
Once again, I cannot ignore what we incorporated into our Treaty when we amended it in Amsterdam.
The vote will take place tomorrow at 11.30 a.m.
Whenever she went back to the Commons, she would always say she had protected the national interest.
It is not legitimate to deprive 750 000 people of electricity, it is not legitimate to call upon 20 000 people to leave their homes in order to turn their town into a ghost town.
I am therefore voting in favour of Amendments 7 and 9.
This is within our power.
The Council has still not learnt.
The main problem facing us is how to ensure the proper management of these organisations and, at the same time, meet the needs of producers.
This basically means that animals can move unchecked from one country to another, as can any dangerous diseases they may be carrying.
However, in post-conflict cases - for example, Sierra Leone - we have been quite successful in the resocialisation of children and other related work.
This is because it is in Europe that the safest food can be produced under the most stringent environmental protection standards.
We also welcome the compromise amendment, which lowers the threshold for the registration of political parties from a third to a quarter, which is in the interest of both fairness and pluralism.
We would not need to hold further negotiations. Neither would another Treaty be required, or renewed ratification.
It was decided at the most recent summit meeting in Luxembourg that Member States not participating in the third stage of EMU will be able to take part in meetings of the Euro-X committee (Eurocouncil), except when issues relating directly to the euro are being discussed.
The report emphasises that the European Enhanced Vehicle-safety Committee (EEVC) test method should, above all, be a dynamic test method.
To reduce the impact of packaging on the environment, prevention must be the first course of action, reuse should be the second and anything that cannot be reused should be recycled.
In fact you do not have to imagine it, because other police forces in Europe have already done it.
It beggars belief that here in Europe we have to fight for fundamental democratic rights such as parliamentary scrutiny.
We are, I believe, already doing what can be done within the current institutional framework.
I was, however, elected by people in Britain, not by people anywhere else, so I regard my prime responsibility as being to represent the British taxpayer.
(Applause)
This case concerns the mobilisation of approximately EUR 16 million for Sweden, Austria and the Netherlands in order to provide assistance for workers made redundant in the car making and construction industries.
After all, if the text adopted by Parliament at first reading is not included in the trialogue negotiations, a second reading is needed, as that is the way it works.
The Baltic Sea issue was a very contentious one dealt with by the committee in harmony with other committees of the Parliament.
With the European Parliament elections coming up, it is time that we stopped talking about institutions and started talking about EU policies which matter to citizens and how to solve these big challenges and problems.
May I end by reminding you, not to detract from all others, of Father Ragheed Ganni and the entire congregation of the Church of the Holy Spirit in Mosul, perhaps the most monstrous crime committed this year.
Electricity companies have been allocated free allowances, which they managed to sell on to the energy-intensive industry and to consumers too, and that, is of course, hard to stomach at a time when electricity companies are increasing their profits in any case.
Generally speaking, we are expecting the level of funding to continue more or less as it is, which means that the actual annual spending is expected to be around EUR 20 million.
One example of a success is that at the WTO negotiations we came to a bilateral agreement on private transport to and from Kaliningrad.
It is now quite common to hear people complaining about noise of one form or another.
It is therefore time to raise the alarm, and to insist that the law is not abused and that the media are given free rein.
So what are the results of this militarily imposed Treaty?
In many a field its role has either already been established, or it is eagerly expected.
That is the aim.
I voted in favour of this report which proposes to stipulate the procedure for determining the maximum permitted levels of radioactive contamination of foodstuffs and feedingstuffs which may be placed on the market following a nuclear accident or any other case of radiological emergency which is likely to lead to, or has led to, significant radioactive contamination of foodstuffs and feedingstuffs.
I would just like to ask the Commissioner for one thing in face of all these immense difficulties: that we lay emphasis on the question of equal pay at the second reading of the 1976 directive we are currently revising together with you and with the Council.
Let us send out a signal to the citizens living in these difficult regions that we are not sacrificing them to the enlargement process, and that we are not abandoning them. Instead, we are taking them by the hand to progress together towards a positive future.
However, the timescale appears very long, and there are suspicions that the military, whose profile politically has recently risen, are keen to radically alter the political complexion of the country by removing from circulation the two warring protagonists, ex-prime ministers Sheikh Hasina and Khaleda Zia.
In addition, the report even contradicts itself.
(PT) Madam President, the intervention in Ireland ultimately proves that the EU should have come up with a common solution for European banks, particularly the large banks, almost before dealing with any other matter.
As confirmed in its conclusions of 6 March 1995 the Council believes that Cyprus' accession to the European Union should lead to greater security and well-being for each of the two communities on the island.
Further delays carry with them budgetary, political, legal and even socio-economic consequences.
We are, and I am, expecting a reply to these, too, in October.
That is obvious, because it is forbidden under the Staff Regulations, whilst the other, concerning gifts of all kinds, is a different matter.
For these reasons my group will obviously vote in favour of the report.
Regional experiences also point to other reasons: there is a lack of an adequate regional infrastructure, relevant institutions, such as university development centres, technological incubators, high-tech centres and so on but also of risk capital funds, which would, on the one hand, stimulate regional innovation and research potential in its broader sense, but also create a stronger competitive environment, on the other hand.
   Rule 145 has been invoked previously by other Members and I have pointed out that this Rule relates to issues of a personal nature.
It is not enough to invest in prevention and especially in the broadest possible ratification of the Optional Protocol to the Convention Against Torture.
We would like to highlight and to welcome the Commission's, and specifically the Council's, initiative to help put an end to the Baltic region's isolation in the energy sector.
We therefore welcome the commitments to relaunch the single market, extending it further, to emphasise smart regulation, to ensure that the implementation of rules is consistent and fair throughout the Union, to reduce substantially the administrative burden and cut down on red tape and address bottlenecks, to share best practice in training, to modernise the labour market and to reduce barriers to trade.
The Commission also proposes a replenishment of the peace facility so as to provide the African Union with the necessary financial muscle to cope with Africa’s conflicts.
The Commission proposal, however, errs on the side of meagreness, confining itself most of the time to prolonging the status quo, without addressing new market trends and the increasing difficulty for these regions to compete on international markets ever since the World Trade Organisation agreement was signed in 1999.
I voted in favour of this report.
Where the nuclear programme in Iran is concerned, however, there is an enormous amount of detail in the scientific press and elsewhere on Iran's use of heavy water, which is only used in the construction of nuclear weapons, and the Council is doing absolutely nothing and confines itself to waiting for any future reports that the Iranian Government might submit.
To put it very clearly, we have the strictest measures in the world.
For each of these areas we have defined concrete measures based on the recognition, famously summarised by Francis Bacon four hundred years ago, that knowledge is power.
Coup in Mauritania (vote)
We were starting to do so before the horrific events of three months ago which the honourable Member referred to.
I would like to say that one directive cannot achieve what needs to be achieved during a long process of education, because that is a question of ethics and attitude.
We need a legal basis for making a transfer to the global health fund.
More attention should be paid to building bodies and institutions which would allow us to overcome the financial situation caused by the world economic crisis, and to protect the natural environment and biological diversity.
The fourth priority was our insistence, as has been the case for several years, on a Europol line being included in the budget, because we consider that part of the appropriations intended for Europol must appear in the Union budget, even if this is through a p.m. entry. We are grateful that our request was noted.
This would also be totally in keeping with my report on the authorisation of pesticides.
We also need to make better use of plant species to combat fires.
We also pretend that the coming elections will be crucial.
To you, it is a budget.
We must recognise the positive step forward reflected by the elections to the Legislative Council.
(IT) Mr President, there is no doubt that we are facing one of the most critical moments in the economic history of the European Union.
   This regulation is just one of the many legal foundations offering a basis for an effective fight against terrorism.
The motion for a resolution is focused on what we believe to be essential at this time: expressing complete solidarity with the Japanese people, especially the victims of the disaster that has struck the country, and their families.
In the meantime we will naturally support all the other worthy ideas set out in the Commission communication.
For the long term, honourable Members are absolutely right.
I should like to read out these first two lines in the original English version, and then explain which changes I am proposing.
In order to provide better protection for wild species, coordination between efforts being made by the Member States and the European institutions to ensure that EU legislation on the trade in wild species is respected should be stepped up.
We think that this Commission proposal provides a significant advance in the definition of what is meant by an explosive atmosphere; an advance, that is, which, as well as augmenting the armoury of the European Union and imposing equipment requirements that bring the approach that we have been working on for quite some time to completion, fills the gaps that exist at Member State level.
To save time, I shall refrain from reading out these elements. I hope, in conclusion, that the European Parliament will seize this opportunity to convey a clear and convincing opinion in what is a sensitive and complex field, but one which, unless further progress is made, will prevent us from achieving greater economic and social cohesion.
Perhaps, politically, it helps those who we say want an economic Europe; however, it does not help the political Europe which interests the European Parliament.
– Yasmine Boudjenah, on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group, on Nigeria (B5-0213/2004).
Furthermore, based on the conclusions in the report, suspension of action to upgrade relations between the European Union and Israel and the application of the provisions of the association agreement should be examined immediately.
In Greece with its proliferation of island communities within the Greek Archipelago and given also the mountainous nature of much of the country, there is a geographical disadvantage that can be overcome and assisted by the Community support framework.
- Report: Angelika Niebler
It is a vibrant country that has many intellectual, cultural and other depths, and we should like to see it commit itself to working with us in several areas, including energy, human rights, the Middle East and nuclear energy.
The perpetual dilemma which arises, as to whether Europe or the Member States have the first and last word, is a major issue and a perfect example is gambling, especially online gambling.
In this context, I wholeheartedly welcome the resolution for the establishment of a World day against the death penalty in the hope that this may constitute a further step toward its effective abolition throughout the world.
Of course, this makes it difficult to develop plans for the future too.
We must also determine whether there is a need to enact rules on the indirect introduction of pollutants from point sources and diffuse sources.
I would also like to make reference to the conclusions of this Parliament' s Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, compiled by Mr Cocilovo.
I would add that we must strive to combat corruption and promote the pluralism of information.
In the Resolution on Women and Poverty in the European Union, I mention and again emphasise the urgent need to support a new Europe based on the creative coexistence of cultures and mentalities and full respect for otherness.
We also need to see easier registration procedures and working conditions for NGOs and the lifting of the restrictions on the freedom of NGO activists - like, for example, Mr Barazenka - and we need to see further evidence that peaceful demonstrations can take place freely and without participants fearing arrest.
At the same time, as I said, we are supporting the peace process with all the resources at our disposal, and we assume that the two processes - the peace process and the enlargement process - will support and reinforce each other.
However, this brings me to the problem of cost.
For these reasons, and taking account of the opinions of the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Food Safety, and the Committee on Budgets, whose rapporteurs, Mr Sturdy and Mr Mulder, I wish to thank, the Committee on Agriculture emphasises the need to strengthen the Commission’s proposal on five crucial points.
Preparing the candidate countries for accession: over the next three years we intend to earmark between EUR 3 and 4 billion a year to projects aimed at helping the candidate countries to satisfy the conditions for accession, especially with regard to transport infrastructure, the importance of which Mr von Wogau has rightly stressed.
The Council has not yet discussed the possibility of introducing a tax of the type once proposed by Professor Tobin.
This initiative will contribute to the future abolition of the death penalty in every country in the world.
If Iran returns to a suspension of its enrichment activities and accepts the Russian proposal, the Security Council track may not prove necessary.
At this point, I would also call on those in positions of responsibility in the regions to ensure that local administrations are included. This is because I, like many of you, have heard complaints from the regions that national authorities are not included, while local administrations bemoan the fact that the regional level fails to include them.
The Schengen visa, which costs EUR 60, is too expensive a treat for many Belarusians.
Mr Graefe zu Baringdorf, in reply to your comments about market measures, I said that intervention in itself could never solve the problem.
I welcome the efforts being made by the Union to simplify the tax regime in the area of VAT.
The serious economic crisis that has spread across the entire world has made itself very keenly felt in the EU.
Mr President of the Court of Auditors, you have dedicated a chapter to general subsidies, in which you note numerous anomalies in their distribution.
Mrs Weiler, I have noted your comments, but the Rules are quite clear.
This Parliament ought to be raising the issue of this requirement, which was one of the main requirements, with the Commission.
Let us do so!
We have a perpetual disaster on our roads in Europe.
Naturally, four years on, the result is that those who protested against the mini-budgets are now saying: ah, you have given the jobs to the TAOs, to the Technical Assistance Offices!
The Commission says, in fact, that in the setting of rates, insurance companies should take into account criteria other than sex, such as lifestyle, behaviour or professional status.
It is true that the responsibility for implementing European Court of Human Rights judgments lies with the Council of Europe.
A Uachtaráin, China is an enigma.
I pay tribute to all the colleagues who took part.
   ( Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, we can draw two lessons from the Tunis Summit.
We are not seeking to stop ships being dismantled in Asian countries because, as Robert Evans has just pointed out, there are jobs at stake and the metals are a major source of raw materials for these countries.
Participants may feel tempted to convince their interlocutors of the superiority of their religion or culture.
Ninety States signed the Rome treaty, but so far only six countries have ratified it.
The report which I drafted on behalf of the Committee on Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities lists the reasons which perpetuate this situation, such as social stereotypes and cultural prejudices, which limit women's options and raise barriers to their careers, resulting in more general adverse consequences on the economy from the non-rational use of human resources.
We chose the constitutional path.
I do not doubt for a moment that Members will also make sure they are present, should the question be upheld, of course.
I do not share Mr Harbour's point of view that conciliation would be the best path to take.
Colleagues, together we must act to strengthen this piece of legislation second time around for all our citizens in the 27 EU Member States.
The other question which arises is this: will it be necessary, as Mr Metten suggests, to design a facility of this kind and maintain it when monetary union is complete and everyone belongs to it?
I also wish to highlight the proposal made in the Hutchinson report in connection with the globalisation fund.
The European Union upheld this concept when, in the face of United States obstruction, it took the initiative and authorised the importation and use of generic and low-cost medicines for underprivileged communities. As a rapporteur to Parliament on directives relating to medicines, I have worked on directives concerning the authorisation of the marketing of medicines within the European Union.
The observation of elections, particularly in new democracies, must continue to be an EU priority because although elections do not constitute a democracy, they are a key component of it and, consequently, a fundamental right of the people.
If we carry on working with commitment, we shall together achieve a good result for our institutions; and not just for our institutions, but for the European Union as a whole and for the citizens of Europe, and I wish both you and us success in our endeavour.
Within the area of the internal market, we want to strengthen the shared desire to close loopholes, identify weak points, and make the EU more competitive against third countries, while at the same time pushing for the relaunch of the Doha Round.
The income of large sections of the population, who are on the verge of poverty, must not fall.
We cannot endorse a single rule for cereals and high-protein oleaginous crops when the European Union continues to suffer a shortage of proteins for animal food.
I cannot imagine that Turkey will manage to fulfil the criteria within the next few days or weeks.
I can see the risk referred to by the Commissioner, but I also see this as an opportunity.
20 years later, in 1966, the first Article of the UN International Covenant on Civil and Political rights reaffirmed that all peoples have the right to self-determination.
Of course Eurojust's general responsibilities must also include all of the other forms of crime and offences in respect of which Europol, as a police authority, is competent to act, including such dreadful crimes as trafficking in human beings or terrorist acts, which we have to read about every day in the newspaper.
For example, the Nabucco Project - the diversification flagship of the EU, identified in 2007 by the European Council as one of the most critical projects of European interest - is, according to some, seriously threatened, if not dead.
Written statements (Rule 142)
In addition to being a matter for social organisations, the rules linking the social participation of shareholders with the right to vote are rules of proportionality, in which equality is fully respected.
I should like to acknowledge IMPEL's role.
That is what we have done and I think that that is where our strength lies.
Trakatellis, Viceconte, Cabrol and Flemming reports
Unfortunately, our tax legislation in most cases punishes families who have children, whilst at the same time it gives material advantages to childless couples and couples of the same sex, thereby making an enormous contribution to the negative development of the population age structure and the distribution of wealth.
However, this is also dealt with elsewhere, namely in the MARPOL Convention, which regulates questions relating to the marine environment.
In Barcelona we must also move forward and pay attention to directives which, although they will probably not be adopted during the Spanish Presidency, are going to mean considerable progress and can be adopted under subsequent presidencies; furthermore, the directive on brochures, which is aimed at harmonising the transparency obligations of issuers; secondly, the directive on financial conglomerates, which will provide sensible regulations on a European level, by trying to reduce the so-called systematic risks by means of greater cooperation as established in the Brouwer report; thirdly, the directive on pension funds, which is clearly essential in order to achieve a genuine supplementary pension fund market in Europe, which will benefit workers and all citizens, and which requires a suitable balance between their needs, the security of investors, and freedom to diversify the portfolios of these funds within a framework of security; and progress is also being made on other directives which we hope will be given impetus under the Spanish Presidency.
I think that it would be enough for all the parties present to agree to re-establish taking into account Eurocontrol's assessment; the Commission, as is normal practice, needs to give the final ruling on that assessment.
All new vehicles manufactured in the Union will be subject to compliance with the technical requirements and measures which will reduce their environmental impact, decrease associated noise pollution and increase their road safety.
The argument being that the systems can be used to pinpoint mines.
This is undoubtedly a step forward in the process of European integration, in strengthening solidarity, and in a Europe which is focused on its citizens.
Tens of thousands of hectares burn down every year in Portugal and in other Mediterranean countries.
We are therefore wondering quite objectively (and Martin Schulz has done so and I think he is completely right) who will be deciding the world's destiny in twenty or thirty years' time?
As regards North Africa, I mentioned the Presidency visits to the frontier zone due to the current situation.
There could certainly be a problem in the countries they leave behind.
While that may well not reflect what we aspired to, it does give us the security to plan ahead for the coming years, and it is good that we can adopt it in this form today or tomorrow.
I hereby inform you that on Wednesday, the President of the Council and I will sign 14 legislative acts adopted under the ordinary legislative procedure pursuant to Rule 74 of Parliament's Rules of Procedure.
The bottom line is that NATO is not there for nothing.
There is concern that democratic freedoms, such as freedom of assembly, freedom of expression and freedom of the media, have come under threat in Ukraine in recent months.
I am grateful for the faithful collaboration of the Council, particularly that of the Swedish and Spanish presidencies, and the cooperation of the shadow rapporteurs, which has allowed a broad consensus in the Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs.
I think the only thing that should concern us, and which is of concern to you, is the reaction of the markets today, which do not seem entirely convinced that the proposals are correct.
There may be agreement on Hebron, but new obstacles have now emerged.
Let me remind you that ICANN was created in October 1998 in order to stand up to American hegemony in Internet running.
There is therefore every good reason to accompany our emergency aid with calls for rapid measures to establish the right to freedom of religion and the right to practise a religion freely.
This warming process correlates with the sun's activity so that warming is an effect rather than a cause.
The second point is that no commitment can be made at this time about the agenda in the next part-session.
As the rapporteur points out, the scientific considerations are full of ambiguities and uncertainties.
And we need work. I refer to high technology.
In that context, British Conservatives have argued that tax policy must remain under the complete control of EU Member States, and that 'one size fits all' policies at EU level threaten the economic dynamism and global competitiveness that are so critical to Europe's future.
But there are going to be very difficult issues that we are just starting to face.
This should not, however, represent an obstacle when it comes to taking joint action aimed at protecting the health of Europeans.
   One of the great challenges facing transport is to extend the use of intelligent transport systems as widely as possible. One of these is the advanced GPS emergency call system.
Today, clearly, we must issue a strong demand for a cease-fire, but this is not enough.
(PL) Madam President, in many respects the Dess report is very good, but in one respect it is quite the opposite, since it rejects the idea of a fair equalisation of direct payments.
Mr President, at the end of the report, the rapporteur describes the intention of the proposal as 'a major step on the way to tackling fiscal evasion and the distortions to the functioning of financial markets at Community level'.
They can bring about a terrible chain reaction with major social repercussions which, in the end, may sometimes backfire on the public authority which gave rise to this trail of damage, through increases in prices, costs and, consequently, spending.
Any signal that we as the European Union give at this point is crucial.
The only way to achieve progress is through gradual development, and any attempts to cut short this process cannot fail to result in tension and a further closing off of the country’s system and regime. Any real influence we have on events inside Iran is extremely limited.
This Parliament's motion for a resolution recognises the urgency of the situation and the European Union's responsibility to provide protection.
These will be the key points which will make the coordination cycle more transparent and improve its effects.
What we must do is engage in a constant campaign of awareness-raising and information.
However, I do not understand why, when he then gave a list of countries where we want action to be taken, he started talking about budgets.
In all events, one thing is clear: when in reply to questions from the relevant Commissioner one is told in the Committee on Foreign Affairs or in the Committee on Budgets, with the wink of an eye, according to my sources, that there is no overlap, then it is hardly surprising that people ask questions and want to know exactly how things stand.
It put in place a Chechen constitution which legitimises Moscow's dominant power, making it compulsory to use the Russian language alone in government matters, and giving the President of the Russian Federation the power to dismiss the Chechen President.
Belarus is broadcasting to the European Union, but from our side there is nothing but a deafening silence.
We must of course ensure that businesses that get stuck in and have already made the effort since 1990 should have this taken into account when emission allowances are handed out.
The first supporter of this reform should be Parliament itself, if it really wants to increase its role of interpreting the will of the Europeans and acquire the centrality which is part of a genuinely democratic and firmly integrated Union.
That version has not been consolidated in such a way as to enable a decision, because it shows the text as it would appear if we had already approved the Lisbon Treaty.
The first of these is the lack of clarity in terms of the operation's mandate.
I support the request for the Commission to present a study every five years on the added value of each agency and not to hesitate to close an agency if the analysis concludes that it is not useful.
Furthermore, this is the purpose of this meeting, which is to send a message at once both clear and positive.
It seems, though, to be part of the higher purpose of this Parliament that we should have to do this here, and at this time of the day, all the same.
Well, in such cases, the Treaty has to be changed, it has to be amended.
Firstly, the terms of reference for a World Bank-financed project must include the evaluation criteria to be applied from the outset.
We are aware that the death penalty is rooted in a culture of revenge and retribution from which mankind needs to break free.
With this in mind, I call on you to vote against Amendment 10 tabled by our rapporteur, whom I nevertheless congratulate on the tireless work that she has carried out, and I call on you to vote in favour of our Amendment 34.
Secondly, the report only concerns Greece, at a time when similar petitions have also been filed for other Member States of the European Union.
Who feels the consequences of what is indicated here?
If the equality perspective is insufficiently clear or if the bodies that are to manage the funds do not have an equal representation of women and men, the applications should be declined.
This is what is on the agenda.
Therefore, I think that all of this needs to be simplified and would benefit from a stocktaking exercise at the end of each year in order to find out how the Member States execute these directives and apply these documents, to find out what the execution rate was and to find out what the Court of Audit has discovered in terms of fraud.
That is why we have to give some thought to how to fit economic and social policies together much better, rather than setting them up in opposition to each other.
I think that if in Johannesburg we manage to fulfil all the previous commitments, if we manage to ensure that at least a percentage of international transactions are used for those poor countries, and if we manage to change the values that are currently damaging us, we will have achieved a great deal.
It is all very well to say that there is no past incompatibility.
The Group of the European People's Party (Christian Democrats) and European Democrats and the Socialist Group in the European Parliament have requested that the debate on the statements by the Council and the Commission on the situation in Palestine should not be concluded by the submission of motions for a resolution.
At this stage I believe that the negotiators on both sides have great confidence in each other.
This six-month period will be the final stage in Romania and Bulgaria's efforts to join the Union on 1 January 2007.
I also think that the Commission's report is worth drawing attention to as far as the annexes of statistical information are concerned.
This is mentioned in Article 207 of the future Lisbon Treaty.
The first meeting of the Cooperation Council between the European Union and Ukraine will take place next June, and that of the first interparliamentary committee as soon as possible.
The Commission has every reason to believe that Croatia will apply this legislation seriously.
I ask that the Commissioner and the Commission continue to give due attention to this, too.
The next item is Question Time (B7-0212/2009).
I believe that with all this procedure of the common position, approaches have been made which bring hope and lend perspectives to this directive.
What has happened to the protests from the Commission and Parliament against military intervention in the country by neighbouring Angola, against a dictator it is true.
Natural disasters belong to the latter group.
The current number of amending budgets is excessive and does not even comply with the conditions set out in Article 37 of the Financial Regulation.
It was a purely technical consideration.
However, it is encouraging that on 6 November, a thousand-member South African force deployed near Goma as part of MONUC.
Mr President, on a point of order.
Their name is 'Today', not 'Tomorrow', and so I hope that we in the European Union will be able to share the common principle whereby every child has the right to an integrated, secure tomorrow and a good education.
A lot has happened since 2002.
It is very disappointing, however, that it does not take account of the opinion of Parliament’s Committee on Fisheries, the only European body with specific powers in the area of fisheries which discussed the amendments introduced to the conservation of marine biological resources.
Commissioner, is it not true that we have, or soon will have, EU laws which prohibit the placing on the market of products from seals, of dog and cat fur, and of cosmetics which are tested on animals?
In this region where there is conflict, oppression and a flouting of human rights, we have to be very careful about sending back refugees.
The resolution does not safeguard the principle that new resources, especially financial resources, should match the new objectives in the area of cohesion policy, in order to make them effective, which means that we will have a lot of promises but few actions, in addition to being subordinated to international trade policy objectives, to the Europe 2020 strategy and to the achievement of 'the aims of the internal market'.
What price will we have to pay for this inability to learn lessons from the past and for the fact that we have delayed too long in building a political Europe that would be capable of facing up to the United States?
Yet, we are doing something really peculiar.
Then I will talk about the relationship with China.
It has been said that the enlargement negotiations are progressing and are one of the most urgent priorities of the presidency.
My question is: apart from legislative measures, does the Commission intend to take executive measures in relation to the Member States?
At the same time, we know that the cheapest energy is energy which has not been exhausted, and so we need to be rational.
In taking our decision today, we must also consider the political context.
Consequently, we reiterate the need to review the current mandate in order to avoid the disastrous social and environmental effects of the trading systems that the WTO has put in place.
That is what we expect from the negotiations over the coming weeks.
We are satisfied that the rapporteur has introduced a vital amendment, making sure that EU money will not be used in a way that impinges upon individual property rights according to the relevant decisions of the European Court of Human Rights.
But this Treaty also responded to the three major challenges facing Europe.
Mass terror everywhere else.
It is a good signal that there are many ambitious candidates for the seat of the EIT.
To some extent they lose sight of the original concept of human rights.
As European politicians, we should always strive to put the citizens at the centre of our policy.
This House must also consider, in voting on this report, whether or not the set of proposals which it contains is sufficiently realistic about what can be approved by the end of this Conference.
I see no reason why European Union Member States cannot work to implement the key provisions of this directive in as short a time as possible.
in writing. - (DE) I voted against the discharge of the Commission's accounts because, in many areas, budget funds were not used frugally and efficiently in 2006.
There is much talk at the moment about speeding up adjustment and about the many challenges facing a changing Europe. It is essential to have a clear idea of what can and cannot wait.
It is not enough to set targets for 2008: we need to monitor them, take corrective action and understand what progress is being made.
By mixing the public and private spheres, he ignores the nature and responsibilities of public administration on the one hand, and business on the other.
I also call on the airlines to adopt the recommendations of paragraph 13(c) as soon as possible, particularly regarding smoke hoods, water mist systems and externally mounted cameras.
If we compare the figures from the current financial plans with those in the Commission’s new proposal for the years 2007 to 2013, it emerges that our proposed ceiling for this next planning period works out at an average of 1.14% of gross national income, while the current average is in the order of 1.12% if the EDF and the Solidarity Fund are included.
During the Finnish presidential term, the Council will discuss two issues that directly relate to improving employment for young people.
Will this at least increase the level of requirements and quality for all Member States?
Madam President, a majority of my Group will be voting for the framework agreement before us, even, and I would like to make this very clear, if we are not satisfied with all the points in this agreement.
But of this I am certain: society will not tolerate, and must be protected from, any intrusion, deliberate or otherwise, that reduces the dignity and the sanctity of each human being to an object of scientific manipulation.
Europe's youngsters of today were not around for the big public awareness campaigns of the 1990s.
Mr President, according to Article 129b, the trans-European networks must contribute to the strengthening of the Community's economic and social cohesion.
For example, they asked us what the relationship is between bureaucratic administrative expenses and expenses going directly to the execution of a project.
in writing. - I am afraid I will be voting against this report because it is my view that a framework on the protection of soil is not needed.
If the English are so keen on this, perhaps we should introduce driving on the right there too!
However, it is directed against the old Member States, too, in relations between which it is also increasingly to be found.
Two points: the G20 conclusions assess the benefits of the Doha Round at USD 150 billion.
Parliament also attaches importance to the role you grant civil society.
At a time as delicate as the present, I would argue that we need enhanced cooperation in neighbourhood and partnership relations in order to establish a friendly environment in the closest environs of the European Union, as the ENP's main objective sets out.
I therefore could not vote in favour of the report.
The Commission has just extended the embargo on Portugal by another six months. At the same time, it has partially lifted the embargo on the United Kingdom.
The June Movement is therefore voting against the overall proposal.
I am told that, at Cancún, a great cheer went up when there was a resolution to the negotiations.
Financial assistance should therefore be provided on an individual basis.
I must say, President-in-Office, Mr Sócrates, that the ceremonial signing of the Treaty at the Hieronymus Monastery in Lisbon was a very beautiful, symbolic expression of our many common interests.
There is a brand of jeans to which I shall not refer which is almost exactly the same in spelling as the famous Levis. There are other products in the cosmetic and jewellery fields displaying the same phenomenon.
This committee may not rank as the greatest committee in Parliament but, in terms of protecting the citizens, it is the best.
The initial announcement of the decisions taken would be here and the initial reaction would be by directly elected Members posing questions to the Commission.
The only approach which serves grassroots interests is the path of rejection of the measures being imposed by capital, and on which basically all the forces that support Maastricht and the European Union agree, and the formation of a socio-political alliance for a grassroots economy and grassroots power.
According to current forecasts, the transport sector will account for 71% of demand for oil by 2020 and, as rapporteur, I note with interest the request from Mr Linkohr to carry out research under the Sixth Programme for Research and Development.
In 1997 in Amsterdam, and again in 1999 in Tampere in Finland, the Heads of State and Government committed themselves to tackling terrorism.
Whilst the marine strategy is a sound initiative, the directive is not specific enough for my liking.
We carry on down the same path, albeit perhaps not at such speed.
Notwithstanding the importance of bilateral consultations, we felt that it was also important to recognise the collective nature of the IGC and to have an informal discussion of where we stand.
Only by providing this specific treatment will we ensure that these regions can become involved in the dynamism unleashed by the internal market, by Economic and Monetary Union, by the forthcoming enlargement of the European Union, and even by the phenomenon of globalisation.
The mere fact that the countries of Central and Eastern Europe, with some 106 million inhabitants, will represent 29 % of the population, whereas their GDP amounts to only 4 % of the GDP of the 15 EU countries, shows what unimaginable efforts will be required.
Everything now depends on EU actions - not just reactions.
First, there is greater collaboration between the heads of public services, more and more of which are deciding to incorporate EURES in their databases, so that they can provide their customers with common services.
I think we also talked about the subject of mediators, a programme that was launched by the Council of Europe.
That will be the source of our strength.
Secondly, I wish to emphasise that I consider it crucial to ensure that total respect is given to the forms, timing and means of regional integration undertaken by these countries which, as we know, are not always easy or even obvious: and that it is necessary to pay special attention to the new development that is the recently constituted African Union.
There are doubts as to whether we have at our disposal sufficient capacity and sufficient personnel to guarantee the comprehensive monitoring that will be necessary.
I welcome the words from the President-in-Office of the Council about closer involvement of Parliament in the process of passing such legislation.
Clearer goals than those that existed earlier for justice and home affairs were created with the Treaty of Amsterdam.
What we must do with this directive is to make this a reality from a social point of view.
The setting of maximum selling prices for certain basic foods is not foreseen at the moment.
I could have lived with the common position because the directive concerned is of course designed primarily to regulate, without barriers to competition, the cross-border activities of pension fund providers, and not the product itself.
Experience has shown that the current directive can be circumvented allowing the wealthiest to evade paying taxes whilst those earning much less continue to pay their taxes, this proposal will start to bring an end to this process.
Even Parliament seems to have been affected by the positive tone set by the Summit and has maintained this in its resolution.
The investigation identified a number of causes.
This is why I am pleased with the Union's existing arms embargo.
I am very sorry; the matter could have been raised at the end and the vote could have been deferred.
I believe that on the whole we will fail in that, because it will not work and the perspective taken is far too short-term.
There is now a new reason for hastening slowly on enlargement.
Mr President, Commissioner, I believe, if such is the case, that that would be going beyond what both the Council and Parliament wanted.
What is absolutely certain is that Europeans will be as hated as Americans by billions of people.
We have introduced action plans through which the individual countries are to achieve both a qualitative and quantitative reduction in the use of pesticides.
The related efforts to find a common legal framework here have been ongoing since 1989.
The second issue concerns Cyprus.
And so I say to our friends in the Commission that we expect you to provide us with continuous information and consultation on progress in the WTO trade talks.
To tackle this problem solely from an accounting point of view, which is what certain Member States, such as Germany and the Netherlands, tend to do at present, shows a narrowness of approach which is dangerous to the future of the Union, because these are essential issues for the future and the equilibrium of societies in the applicant countries.
By way of justifying the revision of the Community telecommunications framework, the European Commission stated its intention to reduce the regulatory burdens according to the liberalisation objectives achieved on the basis of the model still in force.
The first recital of the new, amended directive explains that it is necessary to amend the directive because of the development of new technologies and their impact on business models, especially the financing of commercial broadcasting.
I agree with the emphasis the rapporteur places on the importance of more ambitious actions for raising environmental awareness among the public, businesses, economic stakeholders, etc and I agree that one of the essential aspects of the desired strategy must reside, precisely in this point, paying particular attention to information and training campaigns and projects in schools.
That is still unconfirmed speculation.
With regard to line 15 06 06 on special annual events, in the second indent of the text the words ‘at the new Museum of Europe’ should be deleted.
We have to ensure that the method for notification of investments corresponds to previously adopted rules.
You spoke of how this is about protecting the region and the resident population.
This will be an opportunity for us to demonstrate whether we want a genuinely free common market or whether we will be content with a cheap sham and with empty words, blaming an evil and callous outside world which is fast leaving us behind.
We shall continue our fight for a Europe of cooperation among sovereign, equal states, which has as its objective the improvement of living standards for workers and populations, and peace and solidarity with all peoples of the world – a path that effectively serves the interests of Portugal.
Firstly, I would, of course, like to ask him if he could have been more analytical as regards the proposals which he himself and Mrs Diamantopoulou made for tackling the issues of the earthquakes.
Certain initiatives have already been taken to this end, on the basis of existing provisions, namely Articles 18 and 19 of Directive 92/12/EEC, and under the Fiscalis programme.
But it seems to us that those rights should be determined by ordinary international civil law.
One last comment: I welcome the fact that this has been a pragmatic debate, not an argument between those wishing to liberalise or legalise drugs and prohibitionism.
Beyond that, however, how can we talk about the future of health and care for the elderly without raising the problem of pensions?
There is no other way to describe the pseudo-communitization of parts of the third pillar, the incipient erosion of basic rights and rule-of-law principles such as the individual right to asylum or data protection!
Support for coalfield communities, learning projects are an essential component of achieving economic and social cohesion.
Therefore, the section of the report on dairy policy has been carelessly formulated, and as such is unacceptable.
It was the strikes at that shipyard that began the dismantling of Communism.
Participation in the labour market, social security and pension, health care and regional asymmetries are, it almost seems needless to say, indelibly marked by a predictable demographic evolution.
Over the next few months – until November and then the European Council meeting in December – we should look into how and whether we should formulate some transitional claims at the top of membership as of 1 January.
As a Swede, I hope that the Stockholm European Council will be a watershed, where decisions will be taken which pave the way for a competitive and liberal Europe.
The Commission is now congratulating itself on the work it has done over recent months.
It is therefore important to develop a tool to complement GDP.
The aim of universal access to energy in the service of development will not be achieved by following a model imposed by the liberal thinking of multilateral bodies like the WTO, but by expanding and guaranteeing the public service to meet the needs of the populations.
In conclusion, if we think, like Mr Schulz, that innovation is not going far enough, then we should support the President of the Commission, because he is trying, and we should put pressure on our national leadership to support the Commission in achieving real results.
That must change.
Parliament calls on the Commission to take action to ensure prompt recovery of those funds, especially in Italy.
Both sides therefore seriously contravened human rights and international laws in a war situation.
This must of course be exercised on a completely voluntary basis and from the bottom up.
The report points out that individual Member States are losing influence over monetary policy and also over financial policy.
Risks, furthermore, must not be determined merely in terms of which plants are involved but also in relation to who on earth is running these plants and from what murky sources this oil is obtained.
These elections must help the country to make progress along these lines and must comply fully with international standards on the holding of free and fair elections.
In the same spirit, the working party puts forward the old federalist proposal of making qualified majority voting the general rule in the Council.
Let us not forget that France has incorporated the credit balance of a private para-State enterprise into the State budget in order to achieve the 3 % ratio between gross domestic product and budget deficit.
Secondly, they have a penal code which - as Mr Holm said earlier - condemns homosexual acts between consenting adults with a punishment of whipping and up to 20 years' imprisonment.
The removal of Article 5, which was the Commission' s attempt to create new tariff suspensions on products as sensitive as tuna fillets, the request to create reference laboratories, the inclusion of aquaculture, the improvement of the regulation of consumer information on the labels of fishery products, the percentages of the compensatory allowances for tuna and the increased flexibility of withdrawals are, to mention just a few examples, very important improvements introduced in this report. I must therefore congratulate the rapporteur once again.
As the EU is a place of solidarity, it has to be at the frontline of combating this growing problem.
First of all, the suspension of its official, Mr Van Buitenen, who revealed the truth about fraud to Parliament, shows the Commission's authoritarian attitude.
The first item is the joint debate on the following motions for resolutions:
I voted for the Silva Peneda report on the Renewed Social Agenda.
I know that steps have been taken, but I think there could be many more, and more substantial ones, so that the participation of regional and local authorities can be truly substantial.
For instance, the 5 cent coin, at 21.75 mm, is exactly the same size as the 20 cent coin, which makes things extremely difficult for people with disabilities.
One example is taking into account energy aspects to a greater extent in construction and transport.
At this point there are no written documents yet concerning talks and implementation rules which the United States of America would give any of the Member States.
So why do Member States, who are supposed to have accepted the Council' s directives, drag their feet when it comes to applying them?
I hope, on behalf of the Swedish Moderates, that you will lay the basis for the new leadership needed by the new Europe and the new European Union.
The action taken by the government has gained recognition in international markets.
In my view, their failure was due to the maximalist stance of the Group of 21, which came to the negotiating table with questions which went beyond the Doha Agenda.
The European Parliament is able, with an absolute majority, to submit amendments and reject a law during the conciliation procedure, but the European Parliament has not been given the legislative power of which the electorate and our elected representatives in the Member States have been deprived.
Being a part of an RTA has its positive political benefits.
These measures are specifically intended to prevent them from travelling and from using their own personal effects.
If we were to go along with one of the proposals that the Verts/ALE Group made, the lights would go out all over Europe!
One of the greatest threats the world has faced in recent years is the asymmetric war against terrorism, along with the threats arising from the growth in international organised crime.
The earthquake and the tsunami have caused unimaginable destruction.
In setting up the single market we forget that if such an internal market is to be acceptable it also has to have a social dimension.
That is unacceptable.
These reforms are necessary, even without enlargement, and are absolutely vital for the future of our agriculture, our environment and the process of achieving a stable, socially cohesive, continent-wide European Union.
In this context, it is important to ensure that unnecessary new charges for heavier transport do not have a knock-on effect, which would have serious consequences for the normal logistical flow of goods, and lead to competition from the top down.
The recent rejection of the proposed regulations in the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development is a sign which must be fully respected by the Commission and particularly by the Council.
As you probably know, a special set of rules exists in the Community governing state aid to the motor vehicle industry.
Iraq is an extraordinary country with a great but turbulent past.
Finally, I also believe that we must learn from past mistakes and in this Resolution we therefore call for the establishment of mechanisms for horizontal communication and cooperation amongst the international forces, with a view to providing a better service to the Timorese people, as well as effective restoration of public order and of normality in the functioning of the institutions.
(The President declared the common position approved (as amended))
In Africa, Asia and Latin America, but of course also here in Europe.
However, we would like to emphasise that we have done so because we consider that many of the values and demands it contains are essential, but our opinions differ regarding the means to achieve them.
We are all aware that fabulous sums can be made out of exploiting human misery.
It is a myth that all bureaucracy comes from Brussels.
I support this principle, but the Commission must ensure that the current problems with the audit arrangements at headquarters are not simply exported to the delegations.
Finally, we are going to have arguments here about jobs in the UK.
If anyone had said back in 1993 that Greece would achieve these objectives in just 7 years, they would have been laughed at.
The new Commission has promised to issue a report on administrative development in February 2000.
A majority of the European Parliament too appears now to be making the same mistake, since the Council' s proposal that an open forum should be set up has been rejected and since no substance has been given to the idea of recommending that the next Intergovernmental Conference should be a convention.
Evidently, this Parliament is not divided over this.
It was a bunch of brainwashed Muslim youngsters who were looking for 72 vestal virgins in Paradise, believing that they had a God-given right to slaughter non-believers.
Apart from the modernisation and extension of legislation, the Commission has pursued the promotion of gender equality in the framework of the European employment strategy and of the social policy agenda.
I also support the approach that seeks to define a target for separate collection that varies according to the period concerned.
Mr President, I asked the Commissioner if, when writing up the project in this field, she would give particular attention to companies in Europe that have a great deal of experience in this field.
This is perhaps the main weakness of Mr Bourlanges's proposal.
I will send a full reply in writing to the honourable lady, but I am grateful for her close interest.
In his letter to Vytautas Landsbergis and me, Mr Frattini has written recently that your history is our history too.
The budget for 2006 is being debated in the middle of a serious crisis of political orientation in the European Union, which was reflected in the impasse on the new financial perspectives.
It is immoral and obscene that we allow subsidies for growing something that we know will kill and will cost us billions of euros in health care for smokers.
My group therefore particularly deplores the fact that no measures have been taken to stop the taxation race between the Member States.
The relationship between the Commission and the national bureaux appears to have become considerably more flexible, and the administrative procedures have been simplified in places.
Written statements (Rule 149)
For that, I thank the rapporteur above all and, I venture to say - the French government which made this one of its priorities during its presidency, in the first half of 1995, when it reached agreement with the governments of almost all of the Member States and with this House, which gave its support, firmly convinced that what we want is not a Europe of bankers but a Europe of citizens.
In this case, therefore, there is no discretion in the application of alphabetical order.
Some of the reports of what happens when these cases are brought to court are quite horrifying.
This 'supranationalisation' of external border control would in fact be highly counterproductive, as it would take responsibility away from the Member States.
Those problems exist and we have dealt with the solution to the problem.
Those who merely bemoan the material losses are testifying to their complete failure to understand what is happening and to see the relationship between cause and effect here.
Although, in essence, I would welcome an association agreement with Latin America, I cannot stress enough that respect for human rights is of the greatest importance here. This agreement should contribute to the improvement of the human rights situation in Central America and it must be a constant incentive to these countries to respect human rights.
The next item is the report by Mrs Göncz, on behalf of the Committee on Employment and Social Affairs, on the proposal for a decision of the European Parliament and of the Council on establishing a European Microfinance Facility for Employment and Social Inclusion (Progress Microfinance Facility) - C7-0053/2009 -.
These provisions should also be viewed in the light of the Treaty as a whole, which leaves the Member States the most important role, both under Article D, which entrusts the European Council with responsibility for providing the Union with the necessary impetus and defining the general political guidelines thereof, and Article 145, which gives the Council the power to take decisions, coordinate economic policies, and confer implementing powers on the Commission.
First, I think what is missing here is a reference to the dramatic developments in this sector as regards mergers and acquisitions.
I am taking advantage of the fact that I have not been silenced to add a quick question of my own.
If aid is granted for a longer period of time, then competitiveness becomes distorted.
That applied above all, of course, to the Iranian people.
This is lower than the 2.8% rate of inflation for the 27 EU Member States.
Improving and strengthening food safety controls in the Union and in third countries is essential, and hence, I am in favour of the resolution.
It is important to set limits in order to encourage vehicle manufacturers to take an ambitious approach.
I believe, however, that a common political will needs to be adopted over the long term in order to strengthen the EU's ability to respond to crises, while safeguarding its strategic independence.
Some countries benefit even more because the NUTS III type administrative divisions are very small compared with other countries.
(The President cut the speaker off)
We can harvest those fish once and that's the end of it.
Following the demise of Chrysler and the closing of police stations and schools, thanks to deregulation decreed by the EU the post offices will also soon be closing. The Commission is quite clearly planning to administer further euthanasia.
The issue here is the labelling of these products where vitamins have been added to them.
In December we should be in a position to conduct a final review.
Improvement of nuclear safety has been an important part of our work in central and eastern European countries, as well as in the Community of Independent States, notably in Ukraine and Russia.
By adding that phrase 'after the Kyoto conference' we make that clear and I hope the House will then be able to support the revised text.
All this demonstrates how climate change has an immediate effect on health.
Perhaps from a theoretical European perspective it is possible to believe that free trade, capitalism and liberalisation constitute the solution to development problems.
So you can understand that I follow very attentively all the speeches and especially yours, Mr Lindqvist, when you refer to all the problems posed in the Nordic regions and have clearly shown the contrast between the Alpine regions and the Nordic region.
(LT) Today, probably no one is in any doubt that micro-entities must be fully promoted and supported and I believe that the best means would be a reduction in taxes as much as possible in each European Union Member State, as well as the simplification of requirements for registration and deregistration documents and many other things.
We do not feel that Member States are showing much commitment and, therefore, we will not be supporting this proposal.
If certain amendments calling for stricter provisions are accepted, then we can kiss biotechnology in the area of plants goodbye and we can totally ban it right away, but that is not what we want to do.
We in Europe have quite a substantial excise tax on tobacco products, but as I know from the experience of dealing with the Philip Morris agreement and the Japan Tobacco agreement, this involves largely the same corporations, which are our main producers of tobacco.
(Loud applause) (The formal sitting was closed at 12.40 p.m.)
Human rights are now a priority objective in our external relations and our development cooperation.
I would like stress that monitoring systems already exist both in the Member States and at Community level.
We have spent a lot of time working on the subject in this Parliament, and as everyone has said, we are very concerned about the future of the Natura 2000 network.
2.
I also welcome the fact that the rapporteur recognises that any new proposed measures should not have a disproportionate impact on the most vulnerable Member States, in particular, the Baltic countries.
Attention should also be given to the problem of youth unemployment and to the fight against child poverty, as children from poor families have less opportunity to access future employment.
Clearly we have voted in favour of the amendments which stress the importance of full compliance with the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child as a guarantee of the legal protection and universal human rights of children.
The internal market is meant to be one for fair competition between upright and honourable business people, and by means of this directive we are ensuring that this it what it becomes.
Mr President, my report is about counting sheep.
in writing. - (EL) The debate in the European Parliament confirms that the political forces of capital and of the European one-way street support faster capitalist restructurings and more flexible contracts of employment within the framework of the Lisbon Strategy and the completion of the internal market.
For these reasons, I would advise against these amendments.
Given that the four agreements included in the Commission's proposal offer the possibility of enhancing the contribution made by the European Free Trade Association/European Economic Area (EEA) to reducing the economic and social disparities within the EEA, I am voting for this report.
It will also need to safeguard specific, tangible results in the sector of trade and development.
So ministers and the Commission were very pleased to be able to accept a Dutch initiative to bring experts and ministers together, in the autumn, to find a better definition.
on behalf of the IND/DEM Group. - (PL) Mr President, the seasonal and regional differences in precipitations, long-term climate change and lack of coordination between some countries have resulted in catastrophic floods which account for 43% of all natural disasters in Europe, and are often of a trans-border nature.
It is a balance between two requirements, which I would like to set out: on the one hand, the need to ensure the free movement of goods and compliance with Treaty, and, on the other – something to which Parliament, just like Austria, attaches great importance – the need to protect the environment and people’s health.
Precisely because our criticism is so clear, however, we also have a duty to be critical of ourselves as regards our own - Parliament's - financial administration.
The desirability of political stability also applies at regional level.
These priorities do not mean that we do not face problems and dangers.
We cannot demand new competences without assuming the cost.
Sustainability also means promoting the production and marketing of traditional local produce, by offering suitable financial incentives and the chance for small and medium-sized enterprises to access credit.
We do not understand how substances such as lead, mercury or cadmium can still be found in toys.
These developments have a major impact on employment, the balance between rich and poor, social exclusion and the environment.
The Committee on Regional Policy also expressed doubts about the level of payments, after having presented proposals aimed at guaranteeing adequate capital flows.
In its declarations, the Commission refrains for resorting to such rules, but the negotiations that have been conducted do not necessarily reflect this commitment.
Next, they can make an enormous contribution in the major sectors, in the housing and transport sectors.
A third fundamental point is caller location information where 112, our European emergency number, is concerned.
Today, the members of parliament from the different countries represented are pointing out their weak position and their marginalisation in the current type of political system. This was mentioned in the report on our meeting in Puebla at the beginning of the month.
In the resolution on competition policy which it has just adopted, the European Parliament expressed (in its own words) 'categorical' opposition to the German proposal that an independent agency should be set up at European level to arbitrate in competition disputes.
Their presence in this sector establishes them firmly in the minds of the people.
Today, we are discussing a very important urgent resolution on Camp Ashraf.
We left the field open to the Constitution's detractors and there is little sign yet that France will have a more serene or informed debate on its place in Europe in the run-up to next May's elections, or that the Netherlands, emerging from elections last week, has really made up its mind.
We would like to be able to express just how much we share their suffering.
Furthermore, the United States' authorities are absolutely clear that Parliament is involved in discussions on the Energy Star programme from the Commission's point of view.
Grants for newly-built ships disrupt the operation of market forces and encourage an expansion of capacity.
As far as military operations go, the EU is a minor player, and a degree of modesty is appropriate.
As a result, new small businesses are offered the chance to compete with the excessive wholesale tariffs of the major operators.
Secondly, we shall examine the question of developing a competitive shipbreaking and pre-cleaning industry in the EU, without endangering the viability of South Asian breaking yards.
Within each Member State it is also possible to observe a diversity of opinion on foreign policy, but each state has its own government authorised by the voters to conduct foreign policy.
Today, Europeans live longer, healthier lives than their forbears did, and we can expect life expectancy to increase in the future.
To refresh your memory, perhaps you would like to read Mr de Giovanni's letter of 3 July last, after the sitting.
Once again the directive on legal protection of biotechnological inventions is before us and, along with it, the whole legitimate debate between, on the one hand, the European pharmaceutical industry's wish not to be deprived of its technical resources, which its competitors in the United States are allowed to use, and, on the other hand, the need to avoid the trend towards committing revolting atrocities in order to remain competitive.
They amount to only 0.08% of Community GDP in the year 2010.
It concerns the amendment which stipulates that, if data is stored about persons who constitute a danger to public order, these persons should be informed of the fact that their data has been recorded.
We shall be particularly vigilant in this regard, no less than we shall be regarding the issue of human rights in Turkey.
Peace is the essential issue.
If we do decide to undertake it, we need to choose the environmentally cleanest, economically soundest option, as well as the most functional option.
I will not repeat it all.
10 Member States now have a national action plan and two other plans are being drafted.
Insufficient research has been carried out in that area and we will very much welcome the Commission's action plans particularly on that score.
(CS) Madam President, I hope there is no one here from the countries of the Eastern Partnership, as they might think, on the basis of our numbers here, that we are not interested in the Eastern Partnership.
It is up to us to send a strong message and to exert pressure on our governments so that the ambitious objectives of the action plan are achieved.
We have heard some alarming reports recently.
Madam President, I would like to second the rapporteur.
If somebody is ill, they should be given the possibility of receiving medical care abroad.
We know, and we have stated as much in very many resolutions indeed, including specifically during the last plenary part-session of last year, that this is not solely a legal case and that it is wrong for Alexander Nikitin to be accused of criminal activity and treason because of our involvement as the beneficiaries of his findings.
The Committee should strive to rectify these imbalances since there are strong agreements with the NGOs in France and Belgium while these agreements should be made stronger with NGOs in Germany and Portugal, for example.
Is that so certain?
As Mr Paparizov rightly said about consumers, we launched our Citizens' Energy Forum with consumer organisations in the autumn, which brings all the consumer organisations together to discuss the energy market package, so we need to broaden the scope of the agreement not only because of Parliament and the Council but also to achieve greater acceptance of the energy market in general by European citizens.
We have extended the measures and research in place to deal with this new illness.
in writing. - There are any number of reasons why the Commission proposal to exclude self-employed drivers from this Directive had to be rejected.
(SK) We all certainly agree that innovation plays or should play a dominant role in how we respond to the risks and opportunities presented by the global economy.
It has allowed three months to elapse while the situation has developed, and apparently we are now in a position where very little can be done about it.
The Euromed Trade road map beyond 2010 should help solve this problem.
For terrorists, egoists, extremists and opportunists, an EU with powers returned to its Member States is the best of friends; a common Europe, a strong EU, is their most deadly adversary.
My third and final comment concerns fisheries.
rapporteur. - I propose that the word 'women' be changed to 'individuals' in paragraph 9.
Many of us suffered disruption to our flights out of Strasbourg on the Thursday of the May I partsession. Could I ask you what steps you have taken to discuss this with the French Government and the authorities at Strasbourg airport to try to ensure that we have smooth and uninterrupted travel to and from Strasbourg?
They include gender mainstreaming, the information society, undeclared work, the role of the structural funds, especially the social fund, local development and the need for improving common indicators and quantitative targets.
We have similar views on this and we should continue to help each other in this work.
It must be the case that at all points people involved in criminal processes achieve the highest level of respect for their rights of defence.
The solution to that problem is explaining what we do, and that is information policy.
This goal should unite the Member States around the principle of solidarity and the strengthening of the European single market.
To allow the figures to be as realistic as possible, the statistics must cover the use of plant protection products not only in agricultural activities, but also in non-agricultural activities such as the upkeep of green spaces, road services or rail transport companies.
Meier report
One of the most frequently-voiced concerns about our research activities at European level is the complexity and burden involved in the administrative procedures and regulations relating to the funds, which make it very difficult for small- and medium-sized enterprises and small research entities to access the funds and take part in the programmes.
Women and the environment, violence against women, and women and health. As far as the latter is concerned, the recent communication on women and health did nevertheless herald some progress.
The only way to help this country not to become an al-Qaeda outpost is for it to come to agreement with all the Arab countries, not just Saudi Arabia and, of course, we need to make efforts to help this nation move away from a tribal philosophy and civil conflict and to seek democratic rights.
Our assessment that ten countries will be in a position to conclude negotiations at the end of this year, provided their reforms stay on course, has been confirmed and I am much obliged for the far-reaching consensus in the analysis and conclusions.
(Parliament adopted the resolution)
In the framework of CFP reform, we have to try to proceed, using the step-by-step approach, to having the same status for the Mediterranean as we do for the other sea basins throughout Europe.
Part of the deal was that it would apply to all new legislative measures which empower the Commission subsequently to adopt quasi-legislative implementing measures.
This is a change that should go hand in hand with the Commission's assessment of the need for greater disclosure of information for all products in the field of financial instruments.
They make costly financial commitments in the belief that they are updating their information.
As for the United States, to date it has provided financial support worth four hundred million dollars.
In fact, this underscores the price that we are being forced to pay because of the lack of a sound common policy.
In conclusion, I should like to make two observations.
I have an even clearer recollection of when I stood before you in this very House in 1995, as President of the Council of Ministers of the European Union, and you pleaded passionately with me, calling for action to prevent a disaster.
May I remind honourable Members that the PKK is included in the European Union’s list of terrorist organisations.
This is also true when the powers of the prosecutor are limited to offences committed by members and agents of the institutions of the European Union.
Is this possible?
Information technology is only a support.
The main objective of this study will be to provide an exhaustive analysis of the legislative and/or operational measures to adopt.
Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, the effects of demographic change are very varied.
These two deaths come in the wake of another six deaths as the result of similar accidents at work, together with dozens of injuries in September alone.
First of all, let me express my thanks to everyone who made it possible for us to reach this very important agreement.
Firstly, the European Parliament must demand a legal base guaranteeing Parliament the right of codecision.
It also banned communications that may cause physical or moral detriment to minors.
So a huge amount of work will have to be done within the fisheries sector if we are going to see proper trade taking place with those countries.
With regard to the structural measures proposed, they do not take account of the economic and social consequences for the various professions concerned and reflect the same Malthusian spirit as the proposed reform of the CFP. They are totally unacceptable.
On the vote in hand and the EU-CALIFORUM deal, I think we should recognise that even though there were many concerns over the deal, in terms of the EU being aggressive in trying to open up its markets, at the same time it does set a deadline for liberalisation and it makes many of the Caribbean countries recognise that they have to seek to diversify.
We would ask, for example, that energy efficiency be used as an indicator in the Lisbon and Barcelona processes.
In considering the subject, there are three aspects that are extremely worrisome and disconcerting.
My group has tabled an amendment to this effect and I hope that, tomorrow, our Chamber will be able to vote for it.
We are extending a hand to you, Mr Tajani, but we are also aware that we must take you at your word.
We need to shift resources to our children and also to shift our interest to the children in all our societies rich and poor.
The Treaty of Lisbon is bringing the EU out of its downward spiral.
However, I would invite you not to stop at just this signature, but to help ensure that next year, in 2012, this action, that is, the one-day action to clean up our environment, becomes a success in as many countries as possible, in even more countries than has been the case so far, and, in that way, to support environmental groups in your countries.
The government of national unity is our sole interlocutor, and we must take note of this in a realistic way and seek to gain time with a gesture of hope towards Palestine.
I wish to reassure the President that, in my view, my first duty is to Parliament and to my constituents and I shall carry on doing that to the best of my ability.
The truth is that this Europe is the Europe of cash and the golden calf; it has allowed materialism to deflect it from Christian values; it has allowed egalitarianism to deflect it from the classical humanism of ancient Greece.
Commissioner, Madam President, I should like to begin by paying tribute to the rapporteur, Mrs Lulling, whose determination extends to sporting a new dress that is the bee's knees to mark her birthday.
With the entry into force of the Treaty of Amsterdam, the Union now has, following Tampere, a mandate to adopt common minimum rules in the field of asylum and refugee protection, with a view, in the medium term, to adopting a common European asylum system.
I suggest that you look at the Rules.
in writing. - (ES) The request complies with the requirements of the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund and relates to 200 of the 594 workers made redundant over a period of nine months in three Polish companies dealing in the manufacturing of machinery and equipment and which reduced their exports by 58%.
I do not think it would be right for one or other government to obstruct it and thus prevent action by the EU as a whole.
Nor does the so-called compromise package offer the small and medium-sized businesses a proper solution for their problem.
Environmental policy and social policy are under pressure.
I have called for a well-resourced, single government agency, with the power to ensure that child welfare reform happens.
In my opinion, it cannot be proven that the mass transfer of personal data without specific initial suspicions is at all appropriate and that we do not have significantly less intensive means of intervention that would suffice to pursue these goals.
It penalises the users of tools such as botnets for committing the offences, and introduces a higher level of sanctions for committing the offences.
I want to begin with a general comment. The Commission is, and remains, very active where the issue of biotechnology is concerned.
Mr President, the Commission will review the operation of the single market, and about time too.
Lessons are starting to be drawn from these great manifestations of the citizens’ crisis of conscience with regard to Europe as it is, including by the European Trade Union Confederation, which has just called on the 25 to take into consideration, and I quote, ‘fear of lower social standards and neo-liberal policies’ in order to regain the confidence of European citizens.
It is equally important to strive for a budget that is visionary in times of crisis and which strengthens areas that contribute to economic growth and to more and better jobs, such as science and innovation.
The human rights situation also deserves our attention, given the existence of political prisoners - and that is the word for them: political prisoners - in all three countries.
I am incorporating a number of our amendments, including my own.
In conclusion, Mr President, this aid is necessary, urgent and imperative and yet our contribution is minor compared to the great efforts that these countries are displaying in their adjusting to the new challenges they are facing and which the war has tragically exacerbated.
This compromise is a step in the right direction.
This murder rekindles the memory of the victory of her husband, Mr Abiola, in the presidential elections just three years ago, and the annulment of the election by the military.
(FR) Mr President, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, let us say this clearly: the way in which the negotiations on the AntiCounterfeiting Trade Agreement are being carried out is unacceptable to the European Parliament.
on behalf of the GUE/NGL Group. - (IT) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, I am sorry that I cannot share the optimism of fellows Members, since I am convinced that this directive may well do more for business than for health: a kind of Bolkestein directive, but on health.
We hear that some Commissioners are not keen on that.
History ignored becomes history repeated.
I fear that, in practice, the opportunities to enter the European market will be impeded by all the rules and requirements. These requirements are perhaps too restrictive, and they could end up cutting off the European market, and could thus lead to protectionism through the back door - which would be a bad thing.
A woman must not attain political or administrative responsibilities automatically thanks to the implementation of the quota but by having her own merits and skills recognised.
Fatuzzo (PPE-DE).
It is indeed remarkable that we have a Parliament today which has kept over ECU 700 million under those areas of its own responsibility in headings 3 and 4 without proposals for expenditure.
The attention accorded to the special courts of accountability too, such as the Sierra Leone court which is about to be set up, is evidence that, when it so wishes, Europe can also be a community of values.
Secondly, we should pay attention to the question of the awareness of citizens and the necessity of change in the area of ecological issues.
During the hearing, the Commission supported Mr Danner and made reference to its communication on pensions.
It is therefore vital that there should be a wholehearted commitment on the part of Europe and all its institutions.
I know that there are several child pornographers who have set up business in one EU country because if they are caught they know they will get a lesser sentence in that country.
Not with us, the European Greens.
On the question of verification and safeguards, the EU believes that the safeguards serve as a technical tool in support of the political goal of sustaining an environment in which there can be peaceful use of nuclear energy without the threat of proliferation.
We need to take careful account of that.
I think it is extremely important, because we are seeing that the tribunals for Yugoslavia and Rwanda are working, that they are indeed able to have an influence.
When Europe set its values and made abolition of the death penalty one of the conditions for arriving and being here, it laid down a code of principles which mark it out as the home of enlightenment and as the area where no law exists without the moral basis of sublime human dignity.
I endorse the opinion of the rapporteur when she says that we should have fewer coins because the retail business will run into difficulties with a larger number of coins than we have now.
It is important to point out, as the Foreign minister made clear in her speech, that together, the internal reform of the Union and the strengthening of civil societies all over Europe will form the cornerstone of EU development in the future.
It should be understood that legal migrant workers make a contribution to the EU economy through their work and the taxes and social security contributions they pay, therefore they must be guaranteed the same minimum rights and be treated in the same way in the labour market.
If we also take into account that the counterfeiting of completely new products such as medicines or toys can be dangerous to life and health, the problem becomes even graver.
Controls are important, especially in agriculture, which is a sensitive area, because the whole industry would suffer without them.
As regards Bulgaria and Romania, the Council yesterday adopted the Commission's proposal for a more fully developed pre-accession strategy for both these countries, which applies to each country separately, so that there is no concerted strategy, but one for Bulgaria and one for Romania.
I endorse his call for the Commission to pay particular attention to the needs of those countries such as Cape Verde and banana producers in Member State territory that, in this regard, do not even make use of the appropriations to which they are entitled.
I feel that representatives enforcing a slashing of living standards for workers should at the very least accept that their privileges undergo the same treatment.
If the improved quality of the European film market is supposed to win back market share for the Europeans - and we have heard about the order of magnitude involved today - will ECU 20 million bring about a reversal of the trend?
Tax dumping is omnipresent, and this is the only way to stop it in its tracks.
The reform of the social model is but a tool and not an end in itself; it is a tool for meeting the new challenges presented by a multinational Europe and by globalisation and the information explosion.
This comes across as being extremely self-contradictory.
I feel that if we are to have an impact on these financial markets, Europe must be able to draw some very clear lines, not change direction every other day, and not bubble with hosts of ideas which are never, subsequently, put into practice.
(ES) Mr President, two months ago, here in this House, we debated the annual report on equality between women and men.
If Europe has any meaning, and - my friends will pardon me telling them - if Christian democracy has any meaning, if the history of Christian democracy has any meaning, then it must declare itself radically opposed to the statements made in this manifesto and, whatever excellent reasons are given whenever history serves the same dish up again, must reject any agreement with this type of ideology and this type of organisation.
You see, little things can often be so important and the responsibility of Europe and the ties with Latin America are decisive.
Steps are being taken on this and we should support them.
The International Campaign to Ban Landmines was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize in 1997 to acknowledge this achievement.
In order to actually join, such a candidate must meet the Copenhagen criteria.
We know how demographic developments look, and we need growth, employment and prosperity in Europe.
We could not have it any other way considering that globalisation is an unavoidable reality, which has negative effects on the economy.
Its purpose is to combat discrimination in the workplace.
David Trimble expressed his wish and desire to come to Europe again, hopefully in the middle of January, and I would look forward to that happening, as I am sure, Madam President, you will too.
And a third example: vulnerable groups in society.
Special attention is required for developing countries.
Legislative proposals, as I already mentioned, will follow in 2012.
Mr President, Chernobyl has gone down in history as the biggest nuclear disaster of all times.
We could become almost entirely self-sufficient in energy resources and we would see a significant net job creation through the decarbonisation of our economy.
I have already given a formal answer in my introductory statement, but I would like to add, in particular addressing Mr Huhne, that deciding by consensus does not mean that there is necessarily unanimity, in the sense that if there were a vote all would vote the same.
I also wish to say a big thank you to Mr Pittella for his major efforts in bringing about a compromise and for his readiness to listen and his considerable patience.
How we solve energy issues will naturally affect our comfort and prosperity, but also our future living environment in the broad sense of the word.
If we cannot demonstrate solidarity, this will not work.
Given that Chancellor Schüssel is a politician who stands by his words, he should not accept the manipulative delaying tactics employed by Chancellor Merkel and President Chirac.
We must put that behind us and together accept responsibility for the Iraqi people’s being able to enjoy peace, security and democracy.
Clear information should be available on demand.
These are two different products and both have a place on the international European market, and I do not think we should have dividing lines which have regional impact.
On another matter, one of the most important aspects of this report concerns resetting the minimum levels of guarantees for personal injury and damage to property, in the context of the wider trend to promote victims’ rights.
That is all.
It is about providing training and retraining and improving skills to prepare people and help them find a job.
Somewhat ironically, this rejection - despite all the EU's unacceptable pressure and blackmail - of these 'economic partnership agreements' by the African countries constitutes a real example of what is, ultimately, the infamous 'good governance' so extolled by the EU.
For the Commission, this means that the political and social viability of the reforms must never be forgotten.
We are simply going to have to answer all these kinds of questions.
The EU Special Representative in Afghanistan, Francesc Vendrell, has been doing excellent work politically.
Iran is an issue of the utmost concern.
I think that we have produced a sound analysis of what needs to be done.
Consequently, I very much hope that Parliament will be able to adopt this text at second reading tomorrow.
Why is the European budget being cut?
The other aspect relates to the right and the duty of this Parliament continually to analyse the human rights situation in the Member States and to be critical in expressing its views, including naming and shaming when necessary.
We believe these measures to be necessary, not least so as to combat exploitation and bring undeclared work out into the open.
Only so much can be done by public services, whether it is public investment for infrastructure or whatever else.
In its communication entitled 'Democratic Control over Europol', the Commission proposes to strengthen the European Parliament's powers of control, but at the same time creates a diversion by referring to the creation of a joint committee consisting of members of the European Parliament and the national parliaments, an appealing reform by all appearances, but one that is in fact meaningless, since the proposed joint committee would have no power.
At the same time as restrictions are imposed on the EU budget, its priorities are defined as competition policy (an example of which is the gradual distortion of structural policy, placing it at the service of the Lisbon Strategy), and the communitisation of 'internal security and immigration control' and the EU's external policy, which promotes intervention and the militarisation of international relations.
Any system must be sensibly regulated, and we must make sure that a lot more interests are involved. If we do not have industry with us, if we do not have the citizens of the European Union with us and, above all, if we cannot take political decisions, then it is not going to work.
Mrs Ries is absolutely right in this respect.
This is why we need Europol.
If we want to arrive at a fair assessment of the situation, we must be clear in our own minds that this is how it started.
I am glad to be able to say today that, to this end, Parliament and the Council have now agreed to initiate a regular, informal dialogue on the general trend of the discussions on Agenda 2000.
Just now, we talked about the quantity of aid.
I suggest we proceed as follows: we shall send you data on the extent and specific quantities of industrial fisheries in writing.
The protection of the environment is now part of the collective imagination and it has been enshrined in important public policies that were recently analysed by the OECD.
One objective of the Summit will be to work with Chile in order to make progress on the Association and Free Trade Agreement and push forward the Union' s negotiations with Mercosur.
The Commission has already begun work to develop the PHARE, TACIS and Interreg programmes of cooperation.
China is a great nation and we wish to cooperate with China on the basis of partnership.
Mr Poettering highlighted one of them: the measures to combat terrorism risk - and it is more than a risk, since they have already produced some very adverse results - provoking and encouraging state terrorism.
But I should add this: however much one invests in the infrastructure - and we will be looking at specific pledges at the donors' conference early in the new year - however much one spends on infrastructure, what is crucial is to encourage greater and freer trade between the countries of the region, and even in one or two countries within the countries of the region.
In the social sphere we must try to achieve the defined millennial development goals, to encourage a sustainable consumption model, to combat diseases, and to direct more official development aid to education about health and environmental issues.
Inflation has reached 100 000% per annum.
As regards our commitment to safeguarding the fundamental role of the European Parliament, and of parliaments in general, I continue to stress that we believe this to be an essential point.
The Council and the Commission, then, must make every possible effort to reanimate the Euro-Mediterranean Partnership agreed at the Barcelona Conference.
I am only saying what the terms of our discussion were; we also take your arguments seriously, and as far as the moral and political issues are concerned we claim the same arguments for our group.
We are prepared to commit ourselves to this line, each Member State according to its means.
Ladies and gentlemen, we must admit that the Union has to take its fair share of the blame for the powder keg of the Middle East, having buried its head in the sand and pursued an ambiguous policy.
   .– The recommendation on a code for medicinal products is extremely important in an area to which European citizens are highly sensitive but which is ruled by the profiteering interests of the large companies.
The experiences of this year, however, show that deploying an adequate number of ships is still a problem.
The discharge is not an opportunistic step, but a step to punish irregularities and to punish a possible lack of optimal management.
Quite apart from that, we also have numerous cultural points in common.
There is such a thing as human rights, of which this House is a vigorous advocate.
Derogations with regard to Community legislation must be allowed if they are made on the basis of higher levels of health protection.
   – Madam President, I should like to thank the Commissioner and to say that we all agree that we need to help Romania improve the conditions and protection of children and to improve healthcare.
Furthermore, to promote global compliance with patent recognition and protection, we should emphasise the importance of fulfilling WTO regulations, especially in China.
I would also like to say here that the Commission and Mr Lamy have done much excellent work to prepare us for the WTO round.
To that extent the annual economic report and our resolutions are purely and simply a plea to the Intergovernmental Conference to contribute to the creation of jobs through an employment pact and through more coordination and cooperation in the domain of economic policy.
One more very urgent matter, Mr Commissioner.
Of course, I believe that this sort of thing could never happen in a British, French or German nuclear power station.
Conditionality must have its place.
The Georgian crisis showed how important it is for the EU to have a strategy for that region.
At present, only two of them have done so: France and Hungary.
We know their names - Caillot, Glon - but we do not talk about that.
Mr President, Commissioner, regardless of the outcome of the vote on the Agenda 2000 agricultural package and of the decision taken in the end by the Council of Ministers, I think it is clear that we expect - and must expect - European farmers to undergo enormous changes.
Nevertheless, in my view, a general shift to downstream taxation is necessary to avoid contributions and benefits being taxed twice or not at all.
(SV) Mr President, I should just like to take this opportunity to thank my fellow MEPs for supporting the two amendments I tabled.
It is with that in mind that we are committing ourselves, and we have now also given the UN envoy Martti Ahtisaari a base and an office in Vienna, where in-depth discussions are a daily occurrence.
Allow me therefore to say in advance that I agree entirely with Mr Gargani.
As regards the nuclear ambitions of the leadership, the international community stands together at the United Nations.
Is a joint review of stress tests now required?
I cannot deprive my constituents of their right to sue in their own courts.
Mr Prodi, your paper on European governance is an important milestone, but on a technical issue my colleague, Mr Dell'Alba, pointed out to you in a previous debate that, while the word 'governance' may be very common in the English and French languages, in Italian political culture it is to some extent opaque.
Mr Mitchell's report draws our attention to the rules that give Member States the responsibility for exchange rate policy, and calls on Eurozone finance ministers to coordinate their influence on the exchange rate with the European Central Bank.
We know that in one of the three programmes, namely JEV, we have not achieved these objectives.
A majority on the Committee on Agriculture and Rural Development wanted a reduction of 30% in the price of white sugar; the Council agreed to 36%.
This initiative is to be congratulated.
Of course, we support the increase in humanitarian and food aid to the Iraqi population, but we cannot accept that our aid should be used to legitimise what happened or to benefit the aggressor.
Annoying as it is that the Committee on Fisheries does not appear to want this system, it is gratifying that the Commission seems to take a positive view of the possibility of introducing individually transferable quotas.
It is also about us handling European citizens' tax money properly.
Talking about action against poverty is wonderful, but it is certainly not enough, especially if you consider that we have been putting so much aid into Africa for many years and the outcome is not always very positive.
They can assess the added value of such an initiative in the light of the current structures and existing international institutions.
More effective action must be taken, the existing legislation in this area must be effectively complied with and human rights for all must be guaranteed.
It is thereafter possible to address the content of the notion of an immigration policy.
The decision taken on 3 October 2005 certainly reflects the desire to fulfil our commitments, but it also conveys a powerful mutual interest.
I feel, quite honestly, that this is an unacceptable situation in which the richer countries of the world are sacrificing their political responsibility and which I feel needs to be challenged.
As the debate made clear, there is a tall order for this semester.
We are pleased at this visit, which reflects the increasingly close cooperation between us and the national parliaments in the Union, and I wish our Finnish colleagues a pleasant stay in Strasbourg and, of course, useful and interesting discussions in this House!
Concerned at the negative reaction of the international community, the Israeli authorities are attempting to make the wall appear less monstrous.
Given that the EU currently has exclusive competence in this area, the Council has authorised the Commission to open negotiations with third countries in order to replace the traditional bilateral agreements on air services between the Member States and third countries.
I applaud Mrs Peijs' work in reconciling what looked fairly irreconcilable and coming up with a solution that favours home State control which is preferable in terms of the internal market, but I have some anxiety that there will still have to be some fine-tuning.
If we consider the objectives, Community initiatives and innovative measures as a whole, only 51.8% of the appropriations available for the year 2000 were committed, and that is without taking into account the situation of the new Community initiatives, which is truly unbelievable.
Decision-making in the common European asylum system (debate)
Also recently, the Court of Justice in Luxembourg condemned Italy for endangering public health with their illegal waste disposal and their inability to control the collection of waste in Campania.
In its decision of 30 September the General Affairs Council established that Member States might conclude agreements with the United States on the immunity, as regards the International Criminal Court, of its diplomatic and military staff working on Community territory, under certain conditions.
The problem of the management of spent fuel and radioactive waste is tackled in the report by Mrs Jordan Cizeli that we have just voted on.
We are fortunate to have people who give so freely of their time.
There is already awareness of this in Europe.
The vote will take place after the debates.
In Paris in September 1999, Mr Perry, the first vice-chairman of the Committee on Petitions, represented the European Parliament.
Mr Mulder, who is rapporteur for this in the Committee on Budgets, has suggested setting aside funds from the Solidarity Fund for this purpose, and I think that that is a sensible suggestion.
So I can assure you, Mrs Auroi, that I am concerned about these issues.
Jeggle and Souchet often cause me little problems but Mr Cunha's report is different.
Germany will eventually make it easier to get the deposit money refunded in different places.
Again, the committee recommends to Parliament that we grant discharge.
Installation of part of the US anti-missile system on Romanian territory is proof of the confidence placed in my country.
My generation was, therefore, not free to decide which social and economic system it would like to live under.
The EU must define the broad thrust of its common foreign and security policy (CFSP) in the light of growing global instability.
Now we want to ban the export of mercury as well.
Let us judge the regulation in the long term, as this will obviously allow us to develop its mechanism.
In this context, this Commission notes that 2004 will see the completion of the objectives that it set at the beginning of its mandate'.
All European governments should act in unison and boycott the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games.
These technologies, however, have been imported from the West.
The crisis is spreading inexorably through EU Member States and developed countries generally, laying the EU's reactionary nature even barer.
It is therefore beyond me that a majority now appears prepared to approve these annual accounts, even though inquiry into fraud is still running, and so nothing like all the facts are known.
However, we should not forget that sportsmen and women are also human beings who can fall ill or injure themselves, and will therefore need drugs and additional help to combat the stress under which they place their bodies, which is why false positive tests are the order of the day and will brand the sportsman or woman concerned forever.
This means the people there are being robbed.
Ironically, the people who are most critical of enlargement and of the capacity of the candidate countries to implement the acquis communautaire are often the very people who refuse to allow the Commission to have sufficient staffing levels to implement and monitor the implementation of the acquis communautaire.
These are two countries which have not exactly been overrun by capitalism, but in fact have a very long tradition of social democracy. Both of them did away with the public service monopolies at a very early stage and introduced competition, which has led to a fall in tariffs and to a universal service being available everywhere at low prices.
Mr President, I should like to begin by congratulating Mr Blokland on this report.
I would therefore request, pursuant to Rule 99 of the Rules of Procedure, that we do not simply put this to the vote today without having a debate.
The transposition of the directive will therefore make it possible to offer better credit conditions in future, and to limit the risk of people taking on too much debt.
I hope that the new Commission finds the strength and courage to develop new working methods and to do some new thinking when it comes to what is, for Europe, such an incredibly important issue, that of sustainable economic growth.
He also appears to be downplaying the potential risks the insurance sector poses to financial stability.
There is therefore a real danger for the European economy and even, if I may say so, for the world economy.
For this reason, too, I advocate elevating the present Subcommittee on Human Rights to the status of full committee.
Once again, you have my sincere thanks.
On the other hand, though, Mr Nassauer, I do not see why either this report or the directive from the Commission should be destined for the dustbin.
Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Commissioner, ladies and gentlemen, I must congratulate Commissioner António Vitorino on his efficiency and hard work that have led to the progress made, which has been particularly noticeable in the last six months.
There is little point in sending Members of Parliament half way across the globe, to be part of a Commission/Council/Parliament delegation, a Community delegation, if one third are kept outside the door albeit with briefings when the business is done.
Now, a compensation is to be created with EUR 100 million.
Issues of taxation, retail monopolies, advertising, import restrictions and age limits should all be decided by the individual Member States.
Under current indications, it does not intend to participate in this debate.
What are the implications for the collecting societies?
In fact, a network of satellites covering the whole planet in real time already exists.
Mr President, the Commission is today proposing a directive which requires the Member States to provide for criminal sanctions to punish a number of particularly serious breaches of Community environmental law.
At the same time, Europe must not put its distinct cross-cultural nature at risk or endanger diversity.
We achieved much more than last time, one month ago.
I also believe that we must bring more courage and ambition to this matter.
On the basis of the recommendations of the Danish government, in the next few days, we will draft an updated version of the Protocol that will have to fulfil a number of key requirements: adequate adaptation of the present ‘opt-out’ system to the legal framework that emerges from the Constitutional Treaty; the option for the Danish government to adopt an ‘opt-in’ formula in future on the basis of its own constitutional rules; compatibility of the Protocol with the pursuit of effective Union action in the field of justice and home affairs, to which the Convention text rightly attributed central importance.
In this context, the PPE Group indicates in its motion for a resolution that the rights of participation and codetermination of workers in all companies under European law must be established by mutual agreement of the two sides of industry.
I am glad that by means of the Commission Communication and the report drafted by my colleague Goepel we have identified several solutions to enhance the common agricultural policy and to make the people in rural areas believe that this policy is for their own good and not only a set of bureaucratic provisions drafted by some offices in Brussels.
Mr President, I will try to respond to the concerns expressed by Mr Coelho in his report.
We agree entirely with the proposal by the rapporteur, Mr Seal, to reject the Council's common position.
We must actively support all attempts at dialogue which are appearing in order to put an end to the current massacres.
We need an integrated policy, one which makes sense to European citizens, to immigrants and to international partners.
The European Commission has been co-funding measures against child sex tourism since 1997.
I would stress the case of Cuba, whose government sent doctors and specialised personnel who have already treated more than 50 000 people for cholera.
Finally, Mr Orbán I want to say something about the elephant in the room.
We can of course take a break if the absent Presidency of the Council invites us to take coffee with it in the meantime.
If we want the issue of monetary dialogue to be taken seriously, then it seems to us that a decision as important as the replacement of a member of the Executive Board should not be taken at such a late hour.
That means we supported proposals to cut back on tobacco subsidies and to give more to the promotion of organic farming, proposals to give smaller grants to organizations which promote the European Ideal and proposals which are opposed to the EU's information campaigns, including those for the euro.
In order to facilitate the dialogue and to assist the mediators, notably those from the OSCE, the Commission proposes to finance a project under the TACIS programme to rebuild one of the bridges over the River Dniester destroyed in 1992 in Gura and Kolui.
The rapporteur is absolutely right to point out that this initiative does not take account of questions of procedure, or fundamental guarantees for the procedure, nor does it provide the necessary protection for the fundamental rights of those people who will be caught up in this type of procedure.
The complexity of social realities makes it harder to formulate 'turnkey' solutions.
We should, however, revisit the problems that we were discussing last week so that we are somewhat less hesitant, should we have the misfortune to be in this situation again in the future.
Saving energy is like motherhood: it is always admired but seldom supported.
(ES) Mr President, I have asked to speak in order to congratulate the Commission on this initiative, which represents a major advance in cutting out red tape and other obstacles that European small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) have to face on a daily basis.
By rights this tragedy should have had the effect of seriously reorienting Community procedure.
We wish to give notice that we have voted against Mr Collins' s report, not because we are opposed to providing information to customers or because we consider these issues to be unimportant but because we consider that these are issues which ought not to be discussed in the European Parliament.
Such arrogance is no longer tolerable.
As far as the question of trade is concerned, it can still be addressed within the framework of the recent agreement on discussions of a package of confidence-building measures.
An inter-parliamentary delegation between the WEU Assembly and the European Parliament would assist in this task.
I know it is difficult to try and pinpoint any one individual state.
Nowhere in the world can we allow the idea of pre-emptive war on terror to take root, for it leads down a dead end.
The Commission also wishes to congratulate the rapporteur, Mrs Theato, and eagerly awaits your decision.
Lastly, the European Council will call on the Council to complete its work on the proposal for a directive on asylum as soon as possible and will welcome the study launched by the Commission on setting national quotas, with the present and future Member States being urged to cooperate fully with the Commission to that end.
Solidarity is a fine word, and we Poles are particularly aware of its value.
Even though deep-rooted ethnic and religious divisions exist within the interim parliament, we must still talk to these people.
Through the Wider Europe agenda, too, we seek to extend stability to our neighbours and the circle of friends around us.
Whilst I accept that the fact that it may dismay such illustrious bodies does not automatically make your proposals wrong, I trust that you would also admit that it does not automatically make them right either.
Similarly, it is essential to apply the principle that a patient has the right to a refund of costs up to the value of what would be paid if the patient had used healthcare in their own country until such a time as the differences in development between the old and the new Member States have become significantly less.
(Parliament adopted the legislative resolution)
Mr President, at the last part-session we first discussed the protection of the Union's financial interests in the report submitted by Mr Bontempi, and now today we are debating the very same subject by way of my report.
With regard to the Middle East, the most important lesson for us of the last six months has been our failure to speak properly, with a single voice, and to give a clear message to all those countries – whatever they try – that if they do something wrong, action will be taken by the European Union against them.
That is an attack against the entire Union, which cannot refrain from making contact with the current Presidency of the European Council.
I voted for the adoption of this document, because I believe that an integrated view of cancer cases and fighting them should be regarded as particularly important as part of the health strategy of both the European Community and Member States.
Finally, we must reject the first and third sections of Amendment No 5, together with Amendments Nos 17 and 18.
It is right that we should remember that 153 countries signed it, because that gives the process genuine legitimacy.
The European Union hopes that this agreement will help to restore confidence and bring an end to the policy of confrontation.
Mr President, Commissioner, I agree that the most important difficulty with this directive is the diversity of criteria with regard to the establishment of target levels and time-scales for the reduction of the ozone concentrations in the atmosphere: the famous items 2 and 3 of annex 1.
on behalf of the ALDE Group. - Mr President, in paragraph, please insert the adjective 'secular', so that the phrase would be: 'stable, democratic, pluralist, secular and prosperous society'.
We want to stress from the outset that we are opposed and completely reject both the directive and the Jarzembowski report.
The Irish Minister for Foreign Affairs, Mr Brian Cowen, led the European Union Troika for the successful EU-US ministerial meeting in Washington on 1 March.
The advice of commerce in this regard is of particular importance since there is great diversity in its structure and operation and it offers employment to many working people, from the unskilled labourer to the highly specialized worker.
I am glad that Parliament is finally taking a decision on such an important subject.
Where there is a will there is a way.
(The President cut off the speaker)
I believe that these are not rhetorical phrases but genuine questions specific to European integration, to the integration of a Europe which we want to be institutional and political as well as economic.
These changes to the Pact do not address the crucial problems of low growth rates, high unemployment or huge social and regional inequalities, problems which have blighted the progress of the European Union over recent years.
In my own country, Finland, there is continual heavy snow and there are harsh frosts, but things work.
I have two comments with regard to this report.
Action where appropriate must be taken in the International Maritime Organisation or the International Civil Aviation Organisation.
That is about the size of the New York Stock Exchange.
There are municipalities with textile mills where unemployment is over 20%!
To do so does require bold changes, but it also calls for a sense of proportion and a little patience from time to time.
The Community does not have the authority to rule on issues concerning the security of military flights.
The first thing I would like to say is this: I think it is essential that the current presidency's ambition to implement the status and procedures directive in the first part of this year, that is by April, should be achieved in the interest of a common asylum policy.
There are hundreds of reasons why China deserves to be condemned worldwide for its serious abuses of human rights.
I therefore call upon the Council to regulate this mechanism as rigorously as possible, safeguarding the different areas of production and, above all, farmers' incomes.
This is because European food production meets high requirements that add numerous costs for farmers without adequate recompense via the market.
I found that the largest Member States were willing, subject to certain conditions, to give up their right to a second Commissioner.
This idea is enthusiastically supported by France and Germany, two countries with higher corporate tax rates, which must be salivating at the idea of getting everybody else's rates up to their level.
I would also like to ask where are all the defenders of human rights, and the defenders of animal rights and so on.
Secondly, we should set a long-term objective in our food policy, which is to create food security in every part of the world, so that the supply of food aid can be confined to emergencies.
Concern for the fate of the individual is one of the most noble traditions of France, your country and homeland.
We welcome the Presidency-in-Office of the Council, represented by Mr Roche.
At second reading, more strict requirements enter into play, involving majorities. In that way, we manage to avoid the conciliation phase, which should undoubtedly be avoided as far as possible because we already know how long and complicated it usually turns out to be.
Although it should be controlled, this market should be open to free competition throughout the EU.
Where, finally, the issue of the G8 Summit is concerned, I should like to point out that the Council does not of course belong to the group of G8 countries and does not therefore take part, as the Council, in the meetings, either.
Mr President, I want to put on record, since I believe that in future some European Union of small shopkeepers may look up this debate, that we are debating it at nearly half past midnight with 10 Members and a Commissioner whom I congratulate on her stamina.
We can however pursue a policy that creates external conditions which make it possible and attractive for companies to do their work, to expand, to invest and to create jobs in Europe.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, the image of a mountain has been used many times today.
In my view, the arrangements made at Luxembourg, namely ECU 10 000 from the European Investment Bank and ECU 450 million from the Community budget over three years, are inadequate.
Europe is highly dependent on imported energy.
Notwithstanding this state of affairs, I attempted to analyse all the various aspects of the Council's proposal.
(ES) Mr President, I would like to congratulate Mr Sacconi on the work he has done and the results his work has achieved.
This will mean that there will be massive debates about the agenda.
We are grateful for your generous contributions, the commitment of troops from your nations, and the technical assistance you have provided and continue to provide.
(PT) I should first like to thank Mr Arif for the comprehensive report that he brought before us today, which will make a significant contribution to this debate.
We do not agree with the attitude of the French State which opposes the opening up of its domestic market while the French public operator is buying market shares elsewhere.
These consumers move around more, wish to broaden their horizons and want to make better use of their time.
The Commission's proposal is overly nannying because it tries to push consumers in a certain direction instead of giving them the information.
We need to define together actions at European Union level to complement national actions with positive social impact.
With regard to derivatives, I support the timely call for the Commission to present a report on their role on the capital markets.
It explicitly links violence to the superior position of men.
I should like to congratulate the European Commission though.
I now wish to say something that applies to me, to the team and to everyone: we are hoping for a rapid settlement of the crisis, an end to the violence and for the refugees to return to their homeland as quickly as possible.
For this reason, we want to remove these options for further extension of the derogations.
Does the Council consider that dumping is occurring with regard to footwear from China, Indonesia and Thailand?
You will also not be surprised that I cannot share the view that the ECB's decision-making process might have been delayed by the fact that most Governing Council decisions have so far been taken by consensus.
It is necessary to increase awareness of the possibility of financing healthcare programmes from EU structural funds.
The Americans made a start with Project BioShield, and we want to know what the European Union is doing.
In terms of the legislative amendments, the Group of the European People's Party is totally opposed to the amendment to Rule 53 concerning the legal basis and is therefore also opposed to Amendment No 38.
There would be significant symbolism in such a step, as Sarajevo was the scene of the assassination that brought about the outbreak of the First World War in 1914.
I would add that the mutualisation of risks has meant that all our banks behave themselves.
Without wanting to anticipate the report the Commission is due to present at the end of this year, I believe I can say one thing, which is that positive effects are indeed starting to emerge.
I welcome the fact that the draft agreements have been declassified and that the opportunity has been given to the European Parliament to examine them in parallel with the examination by national parliaments in the Member States.
This aid therefore also contributes to economic growth and job creation in the region in question.
The textile industry has had every opportunity to prepare itself.
When GM products, cloning and nanotechnology are mentioned in this House, then it is belt-and-braces and the answer is 'no'; then, we slowly open up and delay authorisation.
We went from one project to another and were told about two different ways in which children find themselves in very serious situations.
When do you intend to launch this forum?
It is clear that efficiency must not undermine the necessary accountability.
Consequently, any measures taken in this regard should be consistent with the overall strategy against organised crime.
Instead, I took part in the meeting of the Commission - our weekly meeting - and in that meeting we adopted a Commission communication entitled, 'The Western Balkans: enhancing the European perspective'.
We, I am proud to say, reacted fast.
We do not have the Treaty of Lisbon and now we have heard the Council's decision.
We are very well aware that there are no reserves left in terms of financial resources but, like the Hungarian Socialists and the former Portuguese minister, who empathised with the new Member States, we ask you to do what Mrs Fischer Boel promised us during her hearing and find new means and methods more appropriate to specific conditions, for example in the sphere of rural development.
   Mr President, I would like to thank Erika Mann for all her work on this report and for her willingness and openness to at least consider other perspectives and views.
The Structural Funds will be increased, but only by a small amount.
We believe that the climate agenda can also be, as the renewable energy sector is showing, a way of creating more jobs in Europe, what we usually call 'green jobs'.
We can say that, although Turkey has achieved significant success, in many areas the differences between Turkey and most countries of the EU (including the Balkan States) have not significantly diminished so far.
Even before the German and Belgian colonisation, the Hutus were in the majority in Burundi and Rwanda and the Tutsis were in the minority.
I stated that fortunately we shared the same vision of the problem, namely guaranteeing the security of the State of Israel whilst providing for the establishment of a Palestinian State that would be geographically, politically and economically viable.
(DE) Mr President, ladies and gentlemen, of course, I too would like to wish Mr Bonde personally all the best for the future.
Thirdly, it will promote all the objectives laid down in the NPT.
Lastly, Europe represents memory, the memory of the tanks of the Empire in Budapest (1956) and Prague (1968). Václav Havel and Hungary, however, are supporting the tanks of another empire in Baghdad, which has been turned into a ghetto.
The European Union must demonstrate its support for the enactment of national laws providing that citizens of the Member States who commit sexual crimes against children abroad must face the courts of their home country.
Although the time taken to set up a company has dropped in recent months, an analysis carried out by the European Commission has showed that over half of Member States still do not meet the requirement for it to be possible to do so in three days.
The desperate economic situation in their own countries forces many women to clutch at any straw, which makes them easy prey for the traffickers.
